Hi i just bought 6 packs ship to swiss but i confuse how to eat?
How do u measure 250 milligram if u dont have a scale at home?
Does it come with something to measure?
How do you like NR?
If your NAD+ isn't low, how would taking nmn improve anything ????
How would you know after only 2 weeks?
Did it help some after the 10 days?
If David Sinclair deleted his tweet scam alert dated last October 15 2020 regarding Eternum labs then the question is why did he deleted it?
Vince isn't Arsenic in everything everywhere??
Any ideas Vince??
Hey Vince, do you know of a supplier who buys/sources NMN in the UK?
Why are heavy metals (specifically those four) checked for when doing 3rd party testing of NMN?
is it just standard test for all supplements, or is this specific to NMN?
I am wondering if you might know of a reputable supplier in Australia for "Tongkat Ali"?
Is aeternum the same as Eturnum have they changed their name?
Can anyone recommend a supplier in Australia?
I notice that the offending tweet is gone?
Where should we buy from then, if we live in Australia?
Has anyone actually verified this tweet from David exists?
Perhaps the website owner is a supplier in China or a Chinese student living in Australia?
Are there any current codes?
How long did you take it?
How much and when?
With or without food?
What did you feel and how soon did you feel it?
What test results showed any changes?
What was your experience AGAIN?
And who knows what good it could be doing on the inside?
What was your experience?
What were the good results?
Doesn’t NMN have to be degraded to NR before even getting into cells after the gut?
So what was your experience?
Thomas, You mentioned this was your experience with taking NMN, but I didn't hear from you if it actually worked, how you felt, what did you notice?
I'm happy to learn all about how it works, but what was your direct experience?
Is there an update on this video Thomas please?
Changing the topic...What's your thoughts on Black Seed Oil as well as Sea Moss?
Any thoughts?
What about taking Niacin?
Im shure I am the first in my country to test this out, maybe someone in Sweden or Denmark ?
Thoughts on bioavailability of liposomal NAD+ vs NMN?
No point spending this $$ if eating junk,  right?
Could you please shill me another 50 products a week Thomas?
What should one look for in terms of quality?
Thomas your videos and info I'm always thankful for and I follow your advise however  is there more scientific feedback on Verso as apposed to "i feel better & more alert?
Is the body not able to absorb NAD+ directly?
Q1: Is there a chance that the B3 provides any of the benefits of NMN?
(obviously not to the same degree but...) Q2: Is there any chance the price might come down, or is longevity only for the well-off?
Doesn’t niacin (B3) convert to NAD?
So you have to keep your nmn in the refrigerator and how about the resveratrol should that be kept in the refrigerator as well?
And if I have had my NMN supplements and my resveratrol supplements on the shelf since I've received it by mail for a couple of weeks now at room🌡️ temperature is it too late to put it in the refrigerator, or is it still good to take?
did you live longer??
Is this for old people?
Now, i am reading that a combo with leucine potentiates or unlocks vastly more benefit?
Hi Thomas  is it important to take a 1:1 ratio for nmn and transreverseveratrol  ?
Is 3:1 still effective?
Thomas, do you think it is possible that turning on sirtuins artificially could cause a negative feedback loop on natural activation?
Is that Strong Liftwear?
What do you think about the IM8 Longevity that has those two with others?
So if I’m trying to lose that last 5 lbs should I not take the NAD injections via IV therapy ??
Did I miss the part where you described your experience?
Have a few question 1) How does a gene SLC 12A8 directly increase absorption?
Like what is MOA?
2) How do you know what cell is getting the NMN?
Like muscle and adipose cells over heart and kidney cells 3) Once absorbed from your GI tract what carries NMN from the blood to intracellular?
4) Lastly, longevity (anti-aging) has to do with gene replication and Telomerase lengths so how does NMN--> NAD lead to longer cell life?
Hi, what is link to longevity course, breathing techniques, etc.?
Taken along with mushroom supplements  do you think this would help with some forms of cancer?
How can you be sure you are getting a equal portion in one serving?
Just take both?
Do you suggest taking this instead of IF?
According to the research I have seen, an optimal daily dose is around 600mg per day - that would be (6?) capsules?
So how much did you take?
When did you take it, and what was your experience?
why complicate things and not just take niacin, temperature control and more expensive for what?
It looks like niacin needs more steps to convert to nad but still, why not take niacin?
What about Nicotinamide Riboside?
Hey, any update on nmn?
What is better to use NAD nicotinimide, or NMN?
I want to gain weight and want better brain function What do I take?
thomas   brad stanfield sites up to date studies that say resveratrol doesn't work what say u to him?
@thomasdelauer Are you taking NMN with Resveratrol?
If so, Resveratrol Trans or another type?
Does anyone know how any NMNs molecule interacts with Pfizer covid vaccine?
What about NAD+ in a liposomal delivery?
How long did tou take NMN for, you seem to gloss over the facts?
So, you don't recommend taking an NAD+ supplement?
You’re saying that NMN need to be stored cold?
What about, when you order it online and it takes a couple of days to arrive and it’s exposed to regular temperature 70 F / 20 C How old is effect the quality of NMN?
Did I miss something?
You never said if you thought it is worth it to take it or what your results were?
What about liposimal NAD?
I thought you were going to talk about what happened when you took it?
Why is that important ?
Should I not take the one I bought?
OR should I take the bottle I bought and then switch to verso ?
Thomas, do you recommend 1/2 gram or 1 gram daily ?
Do you know why water with nmn in a blue plastic bowl turns blue?
Is it normal or nmn is not pure?
Verso is 250mg?
So what WAS your experience?
Hello Thomas, I tried to purchase NMN from your link unfortunately, they don’t ship to canada!☹️☹️☹️ Do you have  another suggestion please?
One theory is that you need to take NMN along with TMG?
Is nmn ok for me?
Where in the video does he speak about his personal results?
Why is no one speaking of minerals that takig plain chemicals like this depletes in body and that also need to be suplemented?
How does it repair aged skin and muscle loss ?
Is NMN better than NAD+ since it is closer to the pathway?
So you said that in heat or warm temperature the NMN will degrade so when it is sent out to my address_ by the time it gets here will it degrade especially since I live on the island of Puerto Rico, so by the time I receive the the NMN supplements will it still be good or not good?
Do you have any videos anymore that are just objective life experiences?
Don’t you think that there are certain ages to use these products which you mentioned in your video???
Or what about the health condition ?
So is my liver healthy on this situation to take these supplements??
If nmn nad works at what time would your body make it's own?
Thoughts on this?
You forgot to post the link?
This company Verso…has a 3rd party certification??
Did you take niacin before this video?
maybe one has to be really old to feel the difference?
Did I miss something?
What do u think of Epitalon?
So what exactly was your experience?
How does this compare with Tru Niagen?
is it safe for people with mild heart conditions?
Just another infomercial?
What would you recommend to get a bit mojo back ?
What about apigenin vs nmn?
Why would you take NMN over NAD?
Is taking NAD like taking TRTs...where, by taking it, our body essentially gets "lazy" in producing the supplement for itself...beit testosterone or NAD?
Does that make sense?
How does that affect the telomeres?
Can we get to a Point?
Can you take nmn with adhd meds like concerta?
How do you not overdose on niacin?
What brand are you using for nmn?
Does anyone know if Thomas ever talks about taking clinical testosterone or hgh or anything?
Or are those guns natty?
So what was your experience?
When and how are to take NMN?
Does Metformin counteract NMN?
Where are the personal results?
Can a blood test measure NAD levels ?
is "Chad" meme pic made after this guy?
Where is the discount code?
Over the years...."WE have found" you and who else???
Thomas do you get NAD IV therapy?
Any comments on the cancer risk of taking nmn?
What were your results?
Any updates?
Is there a benefit in taking this?
So what did you experience?
what was your experience?
Its been 9 months now what is your update?
To use, you must exercise?
And your experience taking it was what?
Do you take TMG ?
Hi Thomas, if you haven’t already, can you please do a video on Ultima Replenisher?
Are you still taking NMN 12 months after posting this video?
Does NMN break a fast?
Can you give a review on ZOA drinks please?
So does it work or not?
Did it work?
So how long have u used it for and what r the results?
So this or tmg or both?
Are you still on it ?
So "results" mean what?
Are you still taking NMN?
Where are the results?
Where is your "Experience"??
What happened here?
But what is your personal  experience?
Eat meat is not enough?
,so, an entire video on the supplement and no personal experience mentioned..!!???
Do you still take NMN?
...and.....????
I mean.....and...???????
Aren’t you a little young to have to take this supplement?
Or are they recommending this with people as young as yourself?
So does it work?
where is the personal experience?
So a clickbait?
Where's the integrity?
YOU PROMOTE, AND TAKE SO MANY SUPPLEMENT'S, I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU HAVE ANY ROOM LEFT FOR FOOD?
Thomas do you take TMG along with the NMN?
TMG rases my stomach acid and give me heart burn....any ideas?
Also, have any double blind experiments been run on this compound?
Where are your results???
Aren't you too young to see benefits of NMN/NR?
Ethics are not a problem for you are they?
You waffle on a bit, forgetting to leave your review ??????
Anyone else has this experience?
I have a question if I add collagen in my cafe is I break my fast?
is it the same thing you are discussing in your video?
Who did you trust and receive your supplements from?
Can you supply this information please?
I wonder what happens if I take NMN for several months and then stop taking it?
For comparison: If you take testosterone externally, the body regulates its own testosterone production, which can lead to a lower testosterone level Is there a similar risk for both NMN intake?
Can discontinuation of the product affect the natural NMN/NAD+ levels?
Is there any indication of what happens if NMN is no longer taken orally?
I always wondered if younger people took stuff like this who don't need it, would it cause down regulation?
What about the dose?
What results can you share?
Ok, you've been taking Verso...how do you feel and/or what results are you getting physiologically?
Has this been the case with you?
Would this help with aching joints / osteoarthritis?
He talked so much had to skip, painful, and he didn't talk what he felt taking this?
I’m only 40?
Does it get ruined once it's not refrigerated while being shipped in the hot summer weather?
So basically join the NRA?
Dude, seriously?
How much is in this product?
Is the resveratol micronized?
Do you know where I can find these for the company you are working with?
Why can’t I find anywhere how and when to take this?
And the results are in????
Can I have my 11 minutes back?
If Resveratrol is beneficial, would you add this to NMN?
Can you take NAD+ NMN together?
What Results Did you Have on this product?
In lamen terms how does NMN affect weight loss?
Another brand squeezing?
Where can I buy it now?
long winded shill maybe?
thomas can we still take niacin with this supplement?
Is that really a issue?
Or was I misinformed?
r u a pill junky?
Doesn't resveratrol lower testosterone?
Question out of this subject, Can you gain muscle mass on a Ketogenic diet?
It seriously doesn't make any logical sense why would a healthy male like you take NMN/NAD products??
Ok so how did it help you again?
What the hell was this video about and what was your experience taking the thing?
Ummm so no results?
People listen to you???
Sinclair and the interviewer asked him directly - can't you do the same thing with Niacin?
Was it the NMN?
Why don't we get niacin flushes from taking NR and NMN then?
Isn’t high mg niacin harder on the liver than nmn though?
What is your opinion about it?
dr Stanfield you have a shop too so why should we believe you when you have a financial interest too ?
Did you get the doctor to pose for you or is this AI?
If it all reduced to plain B3, why do some trials show differential effects?
so basically the question isn't really if any of them raise NAD level because they clearly do but the question is if higher NAD levels actually do anything for us?
What do you think about such a circumstance?
The gut bacteria is converting it into Nicotinic acid or nicotinamide?
If Niacin then why are 1 gram per day NR users not reporting flushing symptoms?
Why is blood NAD considered the only important measurement?
I have a follow-up question: Since raising blood NAD levels didn't help improve actual health parameters, do we know at all if the NAD gets into the cells where it is needed?
How long post menopause?
So just take niacin?
Yes but fore someone with High insulin couldn’t Niacin be problematic not to mention liver load?
They didnt test organ health?
Telemers?
However, If Niacin and its relatives NMN and NR are so wonderful then why has almost every randomized study on Niacin not shown benefit?
What about taking NMN sublingually, so it gets absorbed through the oral mucosa?
If nad breaks down to b3 and excess b3 increases mortality rates, then wouldn’t higher nmn or nr be detrimental?
Please explain why so many people on subcutaneous  injections of NAD+ have such great energy and a focus  boosts?
Any comments?
Which next video were you pointing at at the end?
Which product for increading NAD+ in the brain against Alzheimer?
Is NMN & NR safe when on Statins?
There are B3 concerns with Statins too, right?
So we are screwed?
What about taking NMN and/or NR for improving fertility?
So, what else does b3 do for the body if turbocharg8ng NAD is pointless?
then it would be equivalent to just supplementing niacin instead, at much lower cost?
What about liposomal NR, will it have the same breakdown issue?
How much nicotiniic acid should be taken?
Did you do a video about the KETO-CTA Study?
What is your opinion about the Alzheimer's mouse study that found that NR increased NAD+ which significantly improved learning and memory?
Ok, what happens when NMN is taken under the tongue?
It cannot be that bacteria convert it to NA in mere seconds, can it?
How about sublingual NR?
Can you explain why?
but what if something else is improved..what if it helps with skin issues?
did they look for that?
Most of this research is beyond me, but IF NR/NMN were mostly degrading into NA, wouldn't you experience a niacin flush?
So what about legitimate nmnh?
Why are we still talking about blood levels of NAD?
Is it not the intracellular content of NAD that matters?
So in summary all you need is Niacin?
Vitamin B3?
👍🏻 But what would Dr.Levin say with his Biomarkers for longevity?
What about NAD+ supplements?
then why do you not get flushing form NMN or NR if its converted to niacimn?
What do you think about the quality of the RCT trials with niacinamide for glaucoma?
Ok but has any study on Humans show that higher nad or whatever means people are better off?
Where is the NAD+ assembled in the blood stream?
So save money and just buy B3?
Then why don't I get a niacin flush from NMN or NR?
Enough for the next 50,000 days at the RDA of 17mg  (math correct?
So why does niacin hardly raise blood NAD then?
I love your videos but I have a question why does this video seem to be AI generated?
But if you are a Vegetarian or Vegan or have known deficiency maybe you should?
Any thoughts?
What about the supplement NADH which also exists?
Same story I assume?
If NMN is bunk then how do you explain the increase energy (physical and mental), increased endurance and better circadian rhythm that I have recorded after taking?
Can you make a video on L-Carnosine?
Would B3-fortified nutritional yeast do the work?
If its converted to nicotinic acid, why it doesnt give the flush like nicotinic acid?
Another AI doctor video?
So, which form of B3 would you recommend then?
Niacine or Nicotinamide?
Your thoughts?
According to anti aging channel that Dr brad microvitamins didn't passed the consumer lab test?
Is this true?
What about Trigonelline???
Is the only functional benefit between niacin and both NR and NMN, is that niacin raises blood glucose during the initial breakdown, while NR and NMN don’t?
Why a lot of people claim it has helped them with fatigue?
Brad, it seems like all the data at Pubmed is in favour of NMN, how do you respond to that?
I've seen a massive benefit to NMNH, has anyone studied that one?
But why exactly did you add vitamine b3 to your supplement just after saying that no benefit could be shown?
Exercise is good for us?
Are you sure?
Dr, does niacinamide have the same effect as niacin?
and, what is Brenner's response?
I wonder if I shall back continue to take NMN or not?
What about NMNH?
What's about NADH?
4 months ago (edited) When you take a Centrum you get 20 mg of B3, 125% of USRDA, that is boosting your NAD, or is it the wrong form of B3?
Would it work nonetheless, getting turned into Naicin?
Can anyone tell me if there is any other way to get this benefit without using NAD+?
if nr and nmn effectiveness come down to being converted to niacin, then how come nmn and nr do not give flush like niacin?
If this is true, and both NR and NMN are both converted to nicotinic acid, why is there no flush when you take large amounts of these NAD+ precursors?
Niacin is same nicotinic acid?
So what do I buy?
And how much should I take?
Can't you make a 1 or 2 minute video?
obviously, the liposomal form is otherwise metabolized then NR and NMN?
But the figure at 7:17 shows NMN and NR metabolizing to niacinamide, wait what happened to the NAAD explanation?
At first it shows NR & MNM are first converted to Nicotinic Acid but later it shows NR & MNM are converted to Nicotinamide, so which is which MNM & NR get converted to?
So just take nicotine acid?
How does he sleep at night?
So taking b3 is also useless after all?
Not translating into functional benefits?
Case-in-point; As for the 2025 meta analysis (with a clearly flawed design), how did you arrive at the conclusion that individuals who are merely over the age of 60 are the "ones who should benefit the most"?
Why didn't they design the study around primary NAD+ depleting pathologies, such as Alzheimer’s disease or T2DM?
But don’t NR and NMN serve as a powerful prebiotic for your microbiome?
Seriously,  how stupid can an entire world be?
What is the baseline?
What am I missing here?
Brenner to discuss the matter?
You seem biased, are you an MD who always tries to discuss discredit supplements and promote drugs?
Or is this channel a front for big pharma?
cause if it turns into nicotinamide thats actually funny cause i was worried about  nmn just being a 50$ vitamin b3 pill but if it just does that anyway no wonder it still works?
i mean my heart rate slowed endurance went up even with the expired pill?
Whats wrong with us that we are constantly seeking for energy boosts?
After years promoting it on his podcasts and blogs David Sinclair now wants to ban it?
But how about that article mentioning that NR may help spread cancer methastasis in the brains of women with breast cancer?
How do we send a protest to the FDA?
Why was NAC removed from the market for 1 year?
How about Methylene Blue’s effect on neurons, mitochondria, and inflammation?
Why thank David?
Supposed to be banned?
Ivermectin ring a bell?
What doses are recommended?
If NAC is being recommended and don’t want you to know, guess who is the right one?
What's Worse The NIH, FDA, CIA, FBI, WHO, ?
Is this a better version than Shilajit then??
Can you tell me more about Methylene Blue?
What about NMNH?
Anyone know the shelf life of NMN pills?
You all realise this is just a marketing ploy to make you buy it?
Can vitamin B3 be a reasonable replacement for NMN?
How to take prebiotic and nmn?
And dosage?
Where can you buy a trusted brand?
What's the difference between NMN and plain ole B3?
I’ve been taken this for months and I have only continued because I paid for the 3 months worth but I feel nothing at all?
Where can you buy legitimate NMN supplements?
Where do you buy this NMN, Buddy?
may i know what type of B3?
nicin or the other one?
Why do they want natural stuff been patented?
Can’t we just use vitamin B3 instead??
what should I take instead for NAD?
If you have cancer does NMN help it grow?
Which supplement is next?
What about NAD+ Supplements?
Is it the same as NMN?
Are they gonna ban NAD+ too?
is NMN the same as vitamin B3?
Without defining what NMN is first and foremost, what’s the point of the rest of the explanations?
What does FDA stands for is it “Fatal Drug Authority”?
Is it operated by Pharmaceutical companies?
What scientists?
It’s still being sold?
Not banned?
Where can I buy NMN?
Yea they mandate what could amount to poison for your body but yea this they need to keep away from citizens huh ?
FULL FORM OF NMN?
Why can't he even pronounce nmn properly ?
Do you sell it??
What's your opinion on DIM ?
still trust FDA?
I’ve been taken this for months and I have only continued because I paid for the 3 months worth but I feel nothing at all?
Anyone else experiencing this?
Why FDA never ban coke and McDonald’s????
Is it still banned?
your own brand?
So David Sinclair is responsible for TRYING to make this a drug and have it banned?
Has anyone looked at Doterras advantage?
What about the cancer risks related to the assumption of NMN?
Why FDA ban NMN?
Which one is better to take?
Do  you think they both will remain available?
Can patients with multiple scelerosis, arteries have NMC?
What do you think of liposomal NMN?
Does this mean it would be able to enter cells with few receptors, meaning cells which are not normally intended to have lots of NMN?
Could that be a problem?
Can you take NAD instead if they ban it?
Another whohan advocat ???
Do you think there is a possibility that this foreign made nmn might not be the same quality, or substandard ?
So this got you more clicks after what's great about NMN died down ?
Happens a lot, and we aren't supposed to notice ?
Where can I buy the so called placebo supplements?
A study of 60 participants puts a nail in NMN’s coffin?
What about other studies for other health benefits of NMN like the Kyoto study for dry eye ?
Has that been studied in humans?
Can this lack of replication be replicated?
Will you be doing a new study on the brand new data on NR and Alzheimer's?
I suppose it doesn't hurt, at least?
What do these studies say about the efficacy of injection NAD+?
Can you take a look at the human clinical trials of erinacine A for Alzheimer and hearing loss?
Have you reviewed any research on such benefits for niacin?
I have a question about comparing the 2016 NR mouse study with the ITP NR study: could the lack of benefit seen in the ITP be due to the much lower dose used?
So, may not affect longevity, but does it affect mitochondrial health and improve energy production?
Want a reality check on health and fitness matters?
Considering you previously recommended nicotinamide as a cheaper precursor of NAD, would you still recommend taking it, perhaps for its other benefits?
At what dose then?
Wasn't NAD supposed to not be very useful without TMG supplementation?
How bout injectible NAD+?
Does this change things?
Have you seen Physionics video on Glycine and cancer?
Shall I stop superdosing Niacin?
- Alpha and Gamma tocopherol  which one increases life?
It is a mixture and source Mitochondria?
What if "Long COVID' is actually vaccine injury?
How do we know we consumed the proper dose per scoop on your microvitamin powder?
Am I overthinking it?
Is there anyone who had a similar experience to mine?
Add to that the combination of individual genetics and life history ( I'll have to read the articles ) but, is there no benefit for anyone?
Will I rely on average results?
Or look at the range of results to find what might be helpful to me?
I have read that NMN can potentially increase cancer risk, did you find any information on this during your NAD/NMN studies?
So increased NAD+ does what, exactly?
Do we even need NAD+?
How is this scenario accounted for?
But is the converse true?
Also, what about the salvage pathway?
Stanfield are your supplements third-party tested?
Is there any news about your rapamycin trial yet?
Can one instead stimulate mitophagy and replace these old mitochondria with new mitochondria which then should produce the original NAD to stimulate the Sir-2 gene, correct?
But I wonder if that would also be the case if NMN had been the precursor used in that study?
Your thoughts?
Yup okay, but longevity aside, NMN converted into NAD+ help support the creation of new mitochondria, and feed APT, is it not?
Don't you think this is too small of a sample size to see a potential benefit?
Were they thinking the effect would be that large?
I thought there was a valid study showing NR improved gait speed in older adults?
Aren't all the mice that they use for these studies genetically the same?
If there is zero variation across the mice population that they use for studies, how can they be reliable?
So does this mean that NAD or precursors don't improve a person's energy levels?
Is there any truth to tmg and cancer risk?
but what about for skin and hair?
If ive had breast cancer in the past with a good prognosis, meaning it shouldn't come back, is it ok for me to take nmn?
Now we have limited studies in humans and mice showing no positive results, and your message is we can jump to conclusions?
Data is terrible for lifespan, but what about healthspan?
What about NAC?
Is this a waste of money?
What about NAC?
does TMG work just as well when the person is eatting a low B3 diet?
Could age be a factor on its effectiveness?
So basically nmn is useless an might as well be a placebo?
Is that what u are saying?
NMN, Glycine, what is next ?
Does it mean that kids has no long covid?
Are you sure that it was long Covid and not post vac syndrome?
Did they masured the Covid vacination status of the participicants of the study?
how is this even anything becayse people are defiency in other part of the mekanism?
What’s long covid got to do with it?
NAD does NOT decrease with aging?
What about that?
Why do all these guys have something to sell?
I mean its just one study?
Don't the p-values indicate this study wasn't powered to tell us anything statistically significant?
Similar news re: taurine a few weeks ago, no?
But, in this case, apparently, it doesn't even work in mice, on second look?
perhaps this is the reason behind the reproducibility issue?
Can’t test for long covid though?
This is self reported illness no?
Do you think that NAD drips follow the same logic (ie lack results)?
dr brad, why is your skin so bad lately?
So the fda trying to ban NMN was all just smoke and mirrors??
You dismiss NAD precursors because they don't 'extend lifespan' in one specific mouse study, but then you promote TMG based on 'muscle performance' metrics?
Bro why are you talking about long covid?
Why would long Covid decide if NR/NMN helps?
Aren't these supplements meant to work by helping the body on a low level?
Is this one of the videos where you come back months later and say you were totally wrong?
Did you know NMN is sold as lab chemical not as food supplement in EU?
So NR and NMN supplements are worthless for humans?
When will labs leave the damned mice alone?
And starving rats is ideal?
Would a woman want to take tmg then?
What do you think of NAC?
david sinclair no bueno - does anyone listen to him anymore?
Why the hard push back?
What is the incentive?
Extended release?
wait, why didn't you talk about niacin in this video?
will you remove it from MicroVitamin?
Do you really need the money to self promote the multivitamins, or do you think you are doing your viewers a favor by letting them know about a supposedly good multivitamin to take?
Why not test cancer drugs on long covid patients too?
can they have side effects now?
7 months ago Ok, important question: Why did those reproducing labs not get the same positive results?
Did the first lab engage in fraud?
Are there a fair amount of random factors that can go very differently in other trails?
Are there some small differences in the details of the trials that matter a lot?
What is the explanation?
Wait, David Sinclair was spreading BS????
What about Vitamin B3?
Wha about NAD+ infusions?
His whole argument is that higher NAD+ didn't improve long Covid symptoms thus it's all bogus?
Why would you think that NAD supplements help with COVID??
What is TMG?
Why he is still walking free?
Brad is a Kiwi?
Wouldn’t it be nice if you recorded this yourself and spoke to us in your real self?
You again!?
You lost me at "Long Covid" ?
How many in study were vaccinated, including influenza vaccine?
Are yous seriously asking why NAD does not fight the vax?
Why are you always so out of sync with everyone else?
Are you saying the test for all medicines is whether or not they cure "Long Covid"???
Penicillin?
Antihistamines?
All useless because they don't cure Long Covid?
How has the test for the usefulness of any medicine become whether or not it cures Long Covid?
Really AI?
Remember resveratrol?
Can I attribute all those "improvements" to NMN?
What else?
How do I know that?
Are there any studies which answer this question?
How is this a placebo effect?
Is that an incorrect assumption?
That said, if it wasn't the NMN, what could it have been besides placebo effect?
But what is making my hair color change?
Any studies on NMN AND TMG?
Was that wrong?
2) What about the mouse studies?
Why such a difference?
Could the original mouse studies have been wrong?
Does this also pertain to niacin supplements?
Really makes me wonder about the popular rat study...The rats which got NMN appeared to greatly outperform even the younger rats which did not in running, what may be going on with that?
Who knew?
Any plans to do an anti- aging theory of everything?
Why is the FDA trying ban it and plan to make it prescription only?
blood NAD levels?
What is the mechanism to raise muscle NAD?
And why doesn't something that increases blood NAD also increase muscle NAD?
Further more,  these studies have a few month trials, at best, why  on earth it should be noticeable anything?
grip strength?
Why has nobody conducted this study yet?
​ @DrBradStanfield  do you think DONOTAGE should remove items such as NMN, NR, and Resveratrol now that you have shown that they don't work, before they start getting accused of being a snake oil sales company?
why did I have some result while others did not?
I was going to buy NMN to deal with my horrible fatigue guess I'll save my money :c can try one bottle maybe?
False advertising or misguided?
is david sinclair a bs artist?
What were the time frames of the studies?
Was it for the duration of the study or as suggested by the suppliers over a minimum of 3mths?
How many of these studies were across a matrix of dosages?
They didnt do any research on the one thing NMN is supposed to help with which is to slow the rate of aging?
Can you do one on NR as well?
Is this video and others meant to inform or just trying to knock down dr Sinclair’s work?
Have you seen that?
Then why is the FDA and big pharma wanting it to only be available by prescription?
What about NAC levels?
What about declining Testosterone and growth hormone?
Hear that @gregdoucette?
Any research yet on the benefits of injectable NAD?
To answer the question about the affect of NAD boosters on aging would be quite difficult:  what biomarkers could reliably be used?
Should some epigenetic clock be checked in a research setting after a supplementation trial?
What I do not get though is why Sinclair is holding on to this so adamantly, no matter what the evidences are???
Ok one day I’m out of my nmn I would think my allergies coming back ??
After 2mos of walk ??
Did my energy goes down ?
another word  would I stop ?
What about liposomal NAD?
How about Liposomal NMN ???
Would that not go straight into the cells?
Haven’t you been taking and touting NMN, Doc?
What do you think?
If NMN raises NAD levels in blood, then why its not reflected on other tissues, like muscles, brain cells, etc?
but does the raised NAD levels in the blood not contradict that?
What about AKG??
Do you need to pair Glycine with NAC to get its benefits?
How about MNM has a positive effect on neurotransmitters and is making people feel great?
I wonder what studies on NAD Iv therapy would show?
Can you explain why not apigenin?
Brad, can you please share your thoughts on Acetyl-L-Carnitine in a future video?
Stanfield,  I have not watched your entire video, but did notice a study on muscle strength?
What about taking NMN with some sort of bio-availability enhancer like Boron or Schisandrin b to drive uptake in to the muscles?
Would you be able to look at that one too please?
The one area that concerns me in these trials, what is the source of the material tested?
Second, is the substance tested for purity?
In other words, did they just order junk off of Amazon and take it at face value?
Did they have it tested before using it?
Did the follow the salvage pathway?
Does NMN work?
Is it all a case of mass placebo effect?
What do you think about pentadecanoic acid?
What was the duration and dose for these studies?
Did they take TMG with the NMN, or am I being fooled there too?
Something about the donor methyl groups?
What about NADH sublingual supplementation?
Thoughts?
Wouldn't you agree?
What side effects do Finasteride and Minoxidil (hair loss medication) have on longevity and general health?
Is this still true?
How is the current knowledge with taking CD38 inhibitors like apigenin and quercetin?
Does it work?
If it wasn't in a stable state before given to the subjects then there is a chance the NMN levels in the doses could of significantly dropped possibly to almost zero by the time the reached the subjects?
out of curiosity, can we get a ”making of” episode?
What about Liposomal NMN?
Dear Dr Stanfield What do you think of Dr Nichola Conlon’s Nuchido TIME + that she is selling?
So then why did the FDA ban it?
How does niacin and niacinamide compare to taking NR/NMN in these regards?
What about niacinamide?
Sublingual?
Why FDA & big pharma so worked up?
What about telomeres and microbiome?
But am i being biased because i want NMN to work?
Any thoughts on how this might have happened ?
Now onto NAD and find out if that actually is worth taking?
Do you have an opinion on the new trend with peptides for muscle recovery and growth?
what about SIRT6 ACTIVATOR?
Wondering as a woman who is prone to and has to treat fibroids a third time if NmN could be making them grow?
If the blood NMN is higher, does that mean that the muscle NMN (although not initially higher) replenishes itself faster than before?
Also, what about NMN impacts on the brain, does having higher blood NMN help there in any way?
Using your medical background, can you brainstorm any possibilities like this due to higher blood NMN levels?
So this studies on  video shows, NMN supplementation increases NAD levels in the blood, but then it doesn't go to muscle cells, etc??
Where it goes then????
So does this tell you that Nicotinamide Riboside also does not work?
Can NMN consumed in other ways actually improve NAD+ in muscle, for example?
Sub-lingual absorption as opposed to oral capsule?
Isn’t taking NMN for increasing mitochondria function?
are there any specific study with LIPOSOMAL version of NMN?
@DrBradStanfield do you still recommend taking Apigenin supplements, or parsley?
Could you also make one on Nicotinamide riboside?
but you seem to suggest there's no use in doing so, or is it merely that NMN, NAD or NR supplementation is unable to do so???
Is taking NAD a better option?
If yes, which brand is to be trusted and what would be the proper way to take it please?
Maybe NR and NMN are beneficial, but only if you are 75+, and your natural levels have significantly declined?
Are there any studies where they limit the participants to 75+?
Hey Dr Stanfield are you familiar with Nuchido Time and Dr Nichola Conlon??
But what about the mouse that regenerated?
How do you explain Dr Sinclair’s results?
Does this mean to you that you'll stop supplementing Niacin for yourself?
The only thing that would matter in those studies is cellular metabolism, whether it increases or not, right?
What does sinclair say about your analysis?
Is there a possibility that a sublingual protocol provides better results?
Or that combining NMN and Resveratrol is important?
I personally tried NMN 1000 mgs / day along with Trans-resveratrol 1000 mgs / day and didn't notice any improvements, ....but I was on both of them for about 2 months -- maybe I stopped too quick....???
Dr Brad, do you not think there might be something wrong with these clinical trials?
I have never in my life known my skin to feel so good as it does now, how cant that be if these trials are correct?
Does NAD have to be in the muscle to have benefits?
Do you know of any studies with a different delivery method?
Some people have said that sublingually might work, do you think that's a possibility?
Or am I misunderstanding?
Does anyone really take it for performance or weight loss?
So, what do you think???
This is ok, but what about dosage of 2000mg, that everybody takes?
Studies ignored or missed by Dr David Sinclair who seems in favor of NMN?
You didn’t cover taking it with resverstrol which is the whole point isn’t it?
For all the comments that say "even though physical strength is not improved, NMN is still anti-aging", but if it is anti-aging, wouldn't you expect to see strength improvements?
2 years ago Have you looked at NMNH?
Wrinkles?
I thought melatonin was a powerful antioxidant?
any test done on Liposomal NMN?
If your takeaways are true for NMN then are they also True for NR?
I thought that they took it off the shelf?
At least these studies suggest that it’s safe and if it’s increasing blood NAD+ well then how is that different than getting an NAD injection?
is that from pharmaceutical company studies?
is any reason between you and NMN ?
Your sounds very personal against NMN?
Have you actually taken NMN?
Does this mean you're changing the supplements that you take?
Are you still taking Nicotinic acid?
Also, does CoQ10 work?
That is nmn .Test studies for NAD+ ?
Does RAPAMYACIN improve  cholesterol, body composition, grip strength, muscle performance, NAD level, cholesterol, etc,etc,etc,etc??
IF IT DOESN’T WHY TAKE IT?
Why are they trying to ban it?
can i take niacin instead?
What brand of NMN was was used for this study?
enhance HUMAN LONGEVITY?
Stanfield still take niacin (as I do)?
But who is taking NMN and boosting NAD+ levels for athletic performance?
Why supplement with NMN when you can just take NAD+?
So the boost of energy i feel everyday, right after taking 700gr of NMN, is a placebo effect?
What is the best brand for this product?
What do you believe?
Which NMN brand is the best here in the UK market?
BUT it does increase NAD+ levels which is good right?
I thought you can’t buy it anymore?
Could I get the NMN at Amazon?
Isn't nmn banned as a supplement?
So, NAD improves nothing?
Isn't there is a conflict of interest for an Niacin supplier to provide information on a competing product?
My question is why didn't the testers also put the photos of the products they bought and tested to show people?
@Brad any comments about that?
Can we trust this lab?
Who is protecting us, consumers?
PS: Are you a Kiwi too?
Based in Auckland by chance?
Why was Nutricost brand not included?
The company that do these independent tests is called Lab Daw?
Is that right?
nicotinamide mononucleotide is different to Nicotinamide Riboside?
I wondered if the first one had anything to be wary of too?
How about a video on Finding informed doctors who are competent to offer advice, information, and guidance?
Stansfield, can I have the name of Prohealth NMN Chinese supplier please?
Is no one questioning their objectivity?
Have you any data on the Verso NMN?
Where can we find comparisons for NR or Fisetin?
I wonder why nmn from MIRAI LAB is so expensive, maybe this is the real and the best nmn?
Can you show the analysis HPLC diagram?
Does anyone have any information on the two companies (Elysium and True Niagen)?
Have you done a similar video on NR?
If you were to buy NAC, which brand would you recommend?
Why NMN and not NAD?
Any opinion on royal jelee?
The benefits: real or myth?
Good for women and men (testosterone, etc)?
Fresh: important or not?
So the ones that are BRL means that there is more than a 1% reporting difference than what is claimed?
Does Dr Brad or anyone else have any guidance about Fisetin source?
Does anyone have any information about the Ascuoli brand sold on amazon?
Do you have any suggestions which lab could be good for this?
What about OUSSIU NMN+Resveratrol?
Hi Brad, is NMN product from GeneHarbor (a Hong Kong company) good ?
How about the brand TRU NMN?
Should I start over at a lower dosage and work my way up?
Why don't we see the amount of NMN??
Instead, it's lumped and tagged BRL...WHAT is the actual amount???
What about NmN supplement from japan?
has it been recall?
What about the brand: Naturecan?
What is the best nmn to take?
The genex one?
Any idea what they actually contain?
How about NMN Bio on Amazon?
In the results column, what does BRL stand for?
Hi, did iHealth’s NMN pills got tested?
How about a list with good brands?
Thank you for sharing but i have a problem i have hypothyroidism so is it ok to take NMN ?
Is it ok to take NMN ?
I have taken ProHealth NMN Pro 500 , is it still good ?
Or back to take Niagen , safer/better than NMN?
If I haven't ingested nmn, then what have I ingested?
Do you have links for the good nmn?
Was the point the brands tested were all via Amazon?
Was DoNotAge, etc tested?
What about VIVANMN?
Do you know anything about Age mate NMN contents??
Sorry, who ran the tests on those brands?
Which ones then are actually good?
If testing done by a company which sell a nmn, how that independent?
Is genex the best then?
The higher the number the better?
Have you submitted this to Amazon?
Any experience with MoleQlar?
Is it possible for you to find out if this NMN supplement is safe to use?
Is there an update to this testing from 2022 or 2023?
Which brand is good?
Any idea why this would be the case?
How about Youth & Health ?
What is a MIND FIELD?
have you a review since then ?
May I ask who ran the tests?
Which lab did the testing?
Chromadex is the owner of Tru Niagen right?
TRU Niagen ordered the test?
now how do i find out how their NMN compares?
who third party tested them?
Thank you, but what does BRL and ND stand for?
Double Wood looked ok didn't it in comparison?
If Prohealth's nmn products are as good as you said, why there are so many negative reviews on their Amazon page?
How can this test be "independent" if it's done by an NR supplier??
please tell me again the name of the chinese nmn supplier for Prohealth again please ?
So how can you say they are not legitimate on this chart?
Is this not where you got your data???
I thought you were over NMN?
And we’re going with Niacin and TMG?
NMN doesn’t work so why even bother buying it in the first place?
My friend has been taking NMN max, a brand of NMN, for a long time and has been recommending it to me and sharing the benefits of his use, and now you're telling me it doesn't contain NMN?
1% gain with these supplements at best?
Are you kidding me?
What is the point even talking about them let alone making videos on them if that is the case?
And why would it even matter if it contained some or none (nmn / nr)?
What breaks a fast?
Does fasting lower testosterone?
Does the body preferentially prefer glucose as a fuel?
That that count?
What about NMN for extending the fertility window?
from niacin and possibly NMN?
Why is it that I can predict the phenotypes of people who make the best videos?
What about niacinamide?
Brenner dances around this Q--although, how difficult would it be to determine???
Damn, Brad, can't science just stay static so I don't have to keep updating so many articles I've written about stuff like NMN and metformin?
If NMN supplements, as you state at 4 :00 "do boost blood NAD", what would be the explanation for why it doesn't affect the muscles?
Does not the blood enter the muscles?
What biological process would intervene between the circulating blood having increased NAD but not the muscles?
How about an update?
How is the situation in the US?
So why would there be a need for any supplementation?
What about NAD injections?
What about sublingual absorption?
What about liposomal NMN?
@DrBradStanfield is there any difference between NMN and the recently hyped NMNH?
What if you absorb thru the skin rather than orally?
What about niacin ?
How do you deal with the niacin flushing???
What form of exercise keeps NAD high in old age?
Are the NMN companies afraid that NMN will fail in the study just like NR?
50 mg of niacin a Mega-Dose?
How is 50 mg a mega?
Hi Dr Brad, could you do a presentation on Allithiamine/ Thaimin Tetrahydrofurfurlydisulfide?
What about  inositol hexanicotinate?
Is it better to get the flush?
How do you think Enteric encapsulation will or could change this equation, if at all?
you said it increased blood levels, but in a slightly later breath you then said it was broken down before it reached our blood stream?
Any info on that, have to think it would be different?
Your thoughts?
Is there still a FDA ban on it?
What brand Niacin do you take?
What kind of niacin do you take?
My Niacin tabs are 400mg each, but now I’m worried that’s a “bit” much?
Is that mostly broken down in the liver?
What about Nicotinic Acid megadoses (3g up to 30g)?
is Cardiovascular Research Magnesium Taurate GMP/NSF certified?
Does niacin have the lipolysis blocking effect as niacineamide?
So you're saying that by megadosing niacin you may be increasing your risk if you have some form of pre-existing cancer?
Is the reduction in NAD due to  reduced  production or due to increased usage by cells ?
Would a topical application have a different outcome of absorption into muscle?
Doc, what would you recommend for men approaching 50?
Thanks Dr Brad, can you recommend a brand of Niacin?
Not sure if this already asked, but what about liposomal formulations of NMN?
These are marketed as being more bioavailable as the active ingredient is purportedly absorbed directly into the bloodstream?
After intense exercise low level sepsis is commonly found, could this be a way in which nutrients in the blood pass (either through capillaries or passive diffusion) into muscle cells as needed?
Can I ask which web company designed your site?
So, as far as I understood, 1gram of NMN is being turned into way bigger amount of nicotinic acid than just 50 grams ?
But what would you suggest to improve Mitochondria and trigger Mitophagy ?
Isn’t this a big risk of taking high dose niacin?
So NR and NMN improve insulin sensitive but Niacin worsens it?
How does that works?
What do you think of the supplements like Novos Core and Boost?
Lol so just eat green vegetables and exercise?
Is the Nicotinamide less effective?
What is your opinion on liposomal NMN then?
Theoratically it would bypass the liver metabolism wouldn't it?
Is extended release niacin recommended?
Hi what electrolytes do you take on your long fasts and what amount please?
How much nicotinic acid is produced by NMN in the gut percentage-wise?
Wouldn’t it be a gas if the amount of nicotinic acid produced by NMN in the gut was very small, and that’s why there isn’t flushing?
What is the verdict on NMN supplements with resveratrol which are so popular, seeing as resveratrol seemingly has negative effects, ie less exercise endurance, basically the opposite of NMN?
I've been taking it sublingual, would that not avoid some of the NMN being covered in the liver?
Any thoughts on sub-lingual NMN or sub-lingual NADH ?
So taking Vit B3 is the same as taking NMN?
I wonder, is sublingual NMN any better?
Is this brand a good one also?
B3 is great but doesn’t it have some liver and diabetes risks - specially for the elderly and already Ill population?
What about taking niacin vs nicotinamide?
Is niacin better?
My senses just seem heightened or something?
Brad have you ever taken NMN, just to see if it has some effect on you?
Are you saying that these same benefits would also come from Nicotinic Acid?
Donotage is sponsor also?
I keep trying to decide if i need this and what to use?
So is it better to use 50mg of b3 or NAC?
Could it be that my muscle NAD levels were much better?
How can we measure them.?
Is it ok to just do flush free niacin?
Why does he seem to always disagree with any supplement despite it has helped a lot of people?
Is it because it is not approved by FDA or am I missing something?
Please tell me if 500 gran daily is a good start to take NMN?
The ONLY thing that counts is: Does NMN or niacin enhance human longevity?
Would you recommend Niacin over a simple Vit B 3 supplement?
If so what is the reasoning behind this?
What about liposomal nmn/nr delivery?
What is your opinion?
Why do I see a bunch of bottles on the market that are 250mg & 500mg?
Isn't that overkill if the recommendation is 15mg?
Hi Dr Stanfield, I hope you don't mind a question today: does it appear safe to take a combination of NR, NMN and Niacin together?
Do you have any thoughts or have you come across any research?
What’s the deal?
What about liposomal nmn or nr?
Just wondering, is it new zealand kiwi accent?
So what is the conclusion?
People will die while still looking good (nice skins)?
why not just take B3 ?
Does this review apply to men only?
Do they melt in the hands?
I couldn't find on your channel a video comparing nicotinic acid and niacinamide, is there a reason you choose niacin over NAM?
are they both equally effective?
But it isn't a vitamin ?
Hmmmmm...very much interesting information....but I think you are eventually too much focusing on the muscular aspect...if its not raised in the muscles when the blood level is raised doesn`t mean that it´s not raised in other tissues/organs of the body...right?
So basically if I take niacin there's no reason for me to take NMN?
I take MNM since a year now and I don't see any benefit Maybe it's because I lived an extremely healthy live already since 10 years?
Any updates on this information?
Why not just take NAD then?
Anyone had NAD+ injections?
Well… Dr David Sinclair is busy with this study allready how long,  25 years?
So the short of it?
take nmn or not ?
Why you just run a case study on yourself?
is there a reason you are limiting yourself to just 50mg?
Why are you talking that fast on that complex issues?
Don’t spend $60 on that supplement that sounds too good to be true?
Triggered?
"compared to placebo"!?
Also a similar but unrelated question?
1gram, 1 day a week?
Why on earth would this “smart” guy presume that the dose given by the FDA would be optimal?
Fail to understand when nmn is not absorbed, why you in the last recommended to buy nmn with reliable sources?
What do you think about testing NMN levels before starting supplements?
Do you mega dose Niacin or Niacinamide?
Or a combination?
Wouldn't it be best then to take NIACIN instead of NMN?
Niacin seems to be the most interactive form of them, right?
What about making an overview video about which types vitamin b supplements exist , their effects and benefits?
I was curious if you still get Niacin flush from this supplement?
Or if you've found a protocol to avoid it?
Doesn't the NAD+ rich blood eventually have a benifefitial effect of at least maintaining muscle cells as you get older and instead or reversing aging, instead slows it down?
Brad, do you have any comment on these 'liposomal' NAD+ supplements?
Is anyone taking NMN from Renue by Science?
Why not just take NAD+ ?????
What about the greater need for NAD for cellular repair which does increase with age due to accumulated damage?
Is it fair to conclude these benefits can be derived from ingesting it as a supplement?
Why do you repeat the subject in your sentences when you speak?
You will say, “The members of this group, they will …” It should be “The members of this group will…” Is this an Aussi thing?
Normally according to some, TMG is recommended when taking NMN so is that applicable with Niacin supplementation as well ??
What's your take on Liposomal NMN offered by RenueByScience?
Does Niacin also increase NAD levels in the blood?
Does it matter if the body stores it in the muscles or not?
Do you even know if young people have high NAD levels in their MUSCLES rather than blood?
6:10 Mitochondria is WHAT????!!?!!??
Rather than just looking at studies have you ever tested your own prior bloodwork and then taking NMN and compared it?
What about liposomal NMN?
Do you think it's far too high a dose to take every day?
If these high does nicotinamide trials were to turn out to be effective against glaucoma, would it be okay to take such high doses of nicotinamide?
Do you think topical niacinamide for skin effects suffices or do you think oral supplementation would be better?
how to give a placebo to mice?
tell them its nmn?
but really its not?
Do you have a comment on that?
Stanfield, your thoughts on SARM1 ?
Could you tell us why you lowered your Niacin intake from 100mg to 50mg per day?
Brad Are there creatine supplements that do not cause water retention and are they safe?
Anyone else having these experiences?
Could you do a video based on the 80%-20% rule?
What few supplements give you 8p% of the results?
How can I exclude the 80% that produce only 20% of the results?
Thoughts?
None of these work?
Would you recommend 50MG or 100MG?
Considering the end result is NAD+ will it make sense simply to supplement with nicotinamide rather than nicotinic acid.?
Dr Brad, could you please clarify whether you are taking Niacin 50gm three times a day or just one time a day?
So where do we go from here?
Continue taking nmn or switch to niacin?
What's purpose give placebo for mice?
The question is can oral NMN, or niacin, or exercises, raise NAD+ in other tissues?
or they target different tissues?
Why in the world is the 500 mg dose of niacin so popular?
Are the companies Brad mentioned at the end of the video legit?
One question for you Brad, is it even worth taking B3 is you exercise and eat well?
What is the reason?
Is it normal?
I've just turned 40 having been diagnosed with multi level cervical stenosis a few years ago.can you recommend any supplements which may improve and recover  nerve pain?
Ot any supplements which may help to recover or improve this condition of cervical stenosis?
Is there a best time of the day to take nicotinic acid?
With a meal or empty stomach?
any suggestions on a vitamin b supplement that dosent cause flushing and rashes ?
Does the flush free niacin still work?
Can NMN be injected?
Sublingual?
So does it really work?
You say you take 50mg dayly,yet every suplement i'm finding online is 500mg.why??
What does that mean?
How many TRILLIONS of chemical reactions happen in our bodies as we process these vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants?
How many pathways are unlocked by a trace amount of this chemical or that molecule when we consume a veggie that has a key vitamin we don't seem to ABSORB and UTILIZE when we take a supplement instead?
Comments?
Also, isn't intracellular NAD levels the most important measure, not blood levels?
What is nmn?
Anything about pregnenolone?
If we have NAD + IV therapeutics why NMN precursor can t do the same ?
What about its effect on mitophagy, specifically through a mechanism of mitochondrial fission or fusion?
What about NMN's positive effect on circadian rhythm if taken at the right time of day?
Can we please talk about the placebo effect?
Why does it work so well in mice?
He has several years already this channel and only now he read all studies on NMN?
Isn't NMN very similar to NR?
Regarding muscle NAD, could you please check Methylated Niacin (Trigonelline)?
Have you examined any studies regarding liposomal NAD+ supplements?
Nichola Conlon?
Is your take the same on NR?
Maybe the dosage was just too low?
So 50mg of niacinamide (vit B3), not 500 mg as sold in USA stores like Whole Foods?
Brad, can you report on Klotho studies, please?
Would it be possible to eventually compare the seemingly empty promises of NMN to the new findings on glycine, NAC, Taurine and whatever amino acid/vitamin combination that shows promise?
What is your opinion on colostrum?
Have any studies on NMN found elevated levels of these metabolites?
what do you think about nuchido?
Would 80mg of Niacin (in the form of Nikotinamid) be safe if I take it every other day instead of every day?
(b)millions were made, but for what price?
what was the mg/kg dose of NMN in most of the rodent studies?
Given these findings how do you feel about the 50mg of Vitamin B3 in your formula?
Still within a safe range for our cardiovascular system?
Do you think the opposite of a placebo effect exists in life?
Why are poor quality studies published if they are supposedly peer reviewed?
Weren't you taking it, back in the day?
What did you think?
By the way, why did the sibling mice that were given NMN look so much younger than their sisters and brothers?
But you said our NAD+ levels will be "fine" if we exercise and eat right; what if we want more than "fine"?
What if we want optimal?
Have you looked at actual NAD+ injections?
Or 5-Amino-1MQ?
Is this an AI host or did some editor F-up the audio sync?
I wonder if Eminem takes NMN?
Do the safety concerns change when NMN is taken sublingually (thereby bypassing the gut microbiome, I believe)?
don't you get it, that people want miracle drug TO NOT WORK OUT and have same benefits?
why are your eyes always red?
Is it some medical condition or something else?
What about 500mg niacinamide DAILY intake?
Did these studies include resveritrol supplementation?
Are there any randomized placebo-control trials that show that the microvitamin pills that you sell actually make a differene to biomarkers or behavior?
How much NMN was given and for how long ?
Wait, genetically modified mice are aging faster, but we can't stop it?
If we know genes responsible for aging, why not stop them?
What do you make of it?
Are there any meta studies about m&ms??
Is it any good?
What does help with arterial stiffness?
Not sure I understand why you are so dismissive of the placebo effect Dr Brad?
Surely, if an individual can improve their quality of life through placebo, isn't that a welcome effect?
Is this guy AI?
What do you think of this brand new study regarding NR and cancer?
And why does Sinclair's face look all shot up with filler?
I wonder how this ban would affect products from other countries?
But doesn’t the FDA only effect the United States?
Is there going to be a time in the next few months when they will have to stop new production and only sell off their existing stock?
Where have I heard that before?
Does that interview change your position on importance of NMN/NR relative to niacin?
I am curious whether this changes your view on NR?
As things stand today, would you still add it to your regimen at 45?
On a separate note, have what are your thoughts on a supplement called Epicathechin?
Does it live up to the hype?
FDA says is not good for me?
Is there a difference between B-NMN and NMN?
Or are they the same?
Maybe B-MNM is banned, but not NMN?
Sooooooo, when food is identified as healthy and then someone synthesized that food it becomes a regulated drug?
What is next?
Purified water?
What about NR supplements?
Will they be affected by this decision?
No more G02 Max ?
Brad, what is your take on the efficacy of taking a high dose of (the cheaper) Niacin versus (the much more expensive) NR?
What about the article that  riboside may increase incidence of brain cancer?
What about Nicotinamide Riboside NR?
Stanfield, what do you think of this study and it's conclusions?
If sinclair created a proprietary form of nmn why did conspired to remove nmn as a  dietary supplement?
How do the Sinclair worshipers feel now?
How is NMN and niacinamide different?
What gives government the right to tell me and my doctor what I can or cannot take?
Stanfield, Seriously Sinclair is it all about the dollar for you?
Ginger and garlic are next?
I thought it was safe and now it’s gone?
Is there more of this?
I wonder why NMN is still widely available?
What do I do now?
What brand of creatine do you recommend or do you use?
Wait, so Sinclair sold the rights to NMN and now lobbied for it to no longer be sold?
What are your guys experience with NMN?
Should I stock up now?
And what about NR?
When will NMN stop being available?
Fda banning something?
Hello Dr., are you able to make a video regarding SARMs?
David Sinclair?
This begs the question: What about NR (nicotinamide riboside) availability?
Can you recommend a book that talks about how Australians are different from New Zealanders?
Who believes Fda saying?
Why is it ban by he own creator or the one how promoted the product first…?!?
so im guessing do not age can no longer sell it to US?
Wouldn't you think that the "proprietary" nature of MIB626 is sufficient to distinguish it from NMN as a dietary supplement?
Is it safe to take NMN, and for somebody like me who has trouble sleeping what do you recommend to help me sleep?
Could you make a video about sodium?
Is Sinclair sabotaging the supplement market to build his proprietary product company, while simultaneously going onto every podcast he can find to build consumer demand for the product?
pancreatic cancer in mice?
And if so, is NR a better alternative?
Why do i believe that MNM is the best molecule?
Worthless?
But is Nr still safe to be taken on regular basis?
Have you heard of carnosine?
What does that mean now for the future market?
Are you sure?
When does the ban go into effect?
NR is allowed but NMN not?
Do they plan on banning food with NMN?
Sinclair lobbied FDA?
Do we actually know what Sinclair ingests every day?
Does a single person here know with 100 percent certainty what their safe / effective dose of NMN should be?
500mg, 1000mg, 2000-mg?
Is there no legitimate reason for this to happen?
Hi...are there any alternatives?
How does this pertain to Nicotinamide Riboside?
what diet do you recommend?
Where does this NMN occur in nature ( food)?
So what is the reason?
If it works, why ban it?
I wonder what happens if I take NMN for several months and then stop taking it?
For comparison: If you take testosterone externally, the body regulates its own testosterone production, which can lead to a lower testosterone level Is there a similar risk for both NMN intake?
Can discontinuation of the product affect the natural NMN/NAD+ levels?
Is there any indication of what happens if NMN is no longer taken orally?
Is NR impacted at all by this?
Do people really think Sinclair was spending so much time promoting NMN in order to develop a market for Chinese NMN sellers?
Or is that too harsh of a comparison?
So does that mean nmn does not work?
is there a place to buy rapamycin supplements pls?
seems to be prescription only and can GP prescribe it to healthy individuals pls?
Sinclair is a grifter?
I can still buy it on Amazon?
NMn is in food?
So is it not true that this supplement increases the chances of cancer?
Wait does this mean I cant get my NMN supplements anymore?
What is NMN?
Can i buy at Amazon?
should I not take This??
The Video was about NMN, which you said should be made available so why drag Sinclair into this?
So is David Sinclair as a scientist and a top name in longevity a crook?
How about we decide for ourselves?
Pots and kettles, who’s calling who “black”?
What IS NMN?
You don’t explain …vitamin B?
That’s it?
how do we stop them?
For our Resveratrol we take Polygonum Caspidatum ?
Brad, are you taking a look at the study recently being sited stating that NMN promotes metastasis from breast to brain cancer?
Does this mean Sinclair is trying to sell NMN technology to the highest bidder again?
BTW, is donotage a company that sells NMN??
Is NR in the asme boat as NMN with FDA?
Wait but how neutral are you if this video is sponsored by donotage?
Sinclair a good or bad and greedy man?