[1000 likes] Love how the USA calls it "lobbying" instead of corruption lmao.

[615 likes] Curious note : FDA don't ban sugars but bans products than lead to healthy body

[610 likes] If the fda doesn’t want you to have it that means that it works

[586 likes] When I heard that the FDA wanted to ban it, I knew instantly it would be effective in supporting good health.

[574 likes] The fact they’re trying to convert it into a prescription says a lot about it’s potential.

[558 likes] Fascinating topic... but you forgot to share your personal results!  All we know about your personal experience with it is that you took it.  How long did you take it? How much and when?  With or without food? What did you feel and how soon did you feel it?  What test results showed any changes? Etc?

[514 likes] It’s amazing how much he can say without really saying anything at all.

[372 likes] Where can I buy the so called placebo supplements? That shit seems to work almost always and much better than any longevity molecules ever hyped!

[346 likes] It’s very hard to explain specific results with NMN. It’s something that IMO should be taken for a good length of time. Unfortunately I’m also making sure to not make claims because it’s a supplement that could be misconstrued. So in short, my personal, anecdotal experience has been a much clearer feeling, I seem to be sleeping harder (more efficient perhaps), I definitely am more alert first thing in the morning, very little ramp up period in the morning. I’ll keep everyone posted as time goes on. But this has been a very heavily requested topic. So please understand the goal is to educate and share my experience WHY I am taking it.

[344 likes] My dad is 90 years old and is in stage 7 of Alzheimer's disease. At the beginning of this year he was basically an unresponsive zombie. On April 1st I started him on NMN, NR, Resveratrol, Quercetin, Fisetin, and a few other vitamins. Today he is just like he was 4 years ago. The improvement is astonishing. I have to pinch myself every day to make sure it's not a dream. Sorry but trying to outsmart the science doesn't look good on you. And it's not very helpful to the public interest.

[319 likes] It would be almost criminal at this point if the FDA goes through with this ban. Everyone wants to be more healthy and shouldn't have to be forced to go to a doctor to be prescribed a health supplement, especially one that seems to work well and has not dangerous side effects. This is all about the money.

[292 likes] Thank you for exposing this. So sickening. Thank you so much for all you are doing for us out here.

[269 likes] Dr Brad, thanks so much for exposing the root of all this "lobbying". I used to have a lot of respect for Dr Sinclair, but this isn't good. Since you exposed him on the resveratrol scam I've hardly been seeing much about him and all of a sudden he came up with this again! What a man! Thanks for helping us to know his true colours.

[238 likes] Everyone should look into David Sinclair being exposed as a snake

[213 likes] 1 - It appears safe over the short term 2 - No muscle improvement 3 - Unlikely metabolic improvements 4 - Safety concerns over the long term

[206 likes] I am almost 68 years old, and a lifetime everyday exerciser. I have also been taking 500 mg of niacin daily since the 1990’s. Nevertheless, I still developed edema in my lower extremities over the past few years. In addition, I have been subject to frequent calf muscle pulls since I started playing pickle ball daily about 15 months ago. Then, on October 1, 2022, I started taking one gram each of NMN and resveratrol on a daily basis. What motivated me to take these supplements was a particular Sinclair video where he spoke about the proven(in mice) ability of these supplements to promote growth of new capillaries (angiogenesis). Well, within two weeks of taking these supplements, my edema and calf muscle pulls stopped completely.  That was huge for me. There is no question that these improvements occurred only because of these two supplements in the proper amounts.

[203 likes] I really wanted to see NMN prove itself, especially after all the hype. Thanks for being an honest critic of the research! It is well needed in our day and age..

[198 likes] I appreciate the video but it doesn't seem to address the 'anti-aging' question as mentioned in the title. I don't take NMN as a sports supplement, I am only interested in it's potential effect of helping to repair DNA. Are there any studies which answer this question? Thanks!

[192 likes] 67yo, very fit, I found absolutely no physical benefit from taking NMN and NR (for 1 year) apart from a blood test showing dramatically increased NAD+. (For whatever thats worth). I started taking 500mg niacin which also increased NAD+ but for $4/mo - again - for whatever thats worth.

[190 likes] As a clinician working with long-COVID and other complex patients, I think this video oversimplifies the study and risks misleading people. This trial does NOT “debunk” NR. What it actually shows is: • NR clearly increases NAD⁺ (so the biological target is real) • primary outcomes were negative for the whole mixed cohort • exploratory data suggested possible benefit over ~10 weeks • and critically — the study did NOT stratify patients by biology (e.g., low vs normal NAD⁺), despite long-COVID being extremely heterogeneous In clinical science, a negative average result in a heterogeneous group does NOT equal “this doesn’t work.” It usually means there are responders and non-responders, and the trial wasn’t designed to identify them. We already learned this in migraine, depression, autoimmune disease, asthma… progress came from subgrouping, not from declaring blanket conclusions. The responsible takeaway is: NR safely raises NAD⁺; it didn’t outperform placebo across everyone; we urgently need subgroup-focused studies (e.g., patients with demonstrably low NAD⁺ or mitochondrial dysfunction) — not all-or-nothing claims. Science deserves nuance. Patients deserve it even more.

[177 likes] I find fasting is the best way for me to go! But I’m 64 and reversed my diabetes! Was a diabetic for 15 years and I feel so much better than I did 10 years ago!

[163 likes] Yes, I expected this and predicted, exactly, that Sinclair would be behind this so that he can file a patent and make a fortune. I really can't stand that man. He's a real jerk.

[159 likes] As a 53 year old cancer survivor (prostate surgery, and follow up radiation therapy)  I found NMN to be helpful.   I've been on it (500mg a day from Renue by Science) since Dec 2022.   My opinion is that it is essentially just a vitamin, and acts very much in the background.   In fact, it is a type of niacin (vitamin B3).  You can also take nicotinamide, for perhaps a better effect.  The immediate effects I felt was a decrease in muscle and joint stiffness and soreness.   A decrease in inflammation.   Though, perhaps it was working in tandem with other supplements I take.   Hard to say.   I would say that it helped my energy levels enough, that I started running again three months ago.

[155 likes] Weird. I am 40, worked out all my life. 1. Took NMN for 8 months and was a beast at the gym. 2. Stoped taking it for 2 months and i felt tired..gym activity went down...i felt old. 3. Took it again....after a while...the beast came back. I love it. I Will keep taking it.

[154 likes] I have been on MNM 1000mg, resveratrol 1000mg and Berberine since 7/19 Since then my blood tests are perfect, my blood pressure is 110/70 I’m 70 my grey hair and grey beard has turned to salt and pepper, my A1C is 5.1% down from 6.4% pre-diabetic. I have a feeling of wellness since I started. My weight is 160lbs down from 210lbs. That’s all I can contribute to this video.

[146 likes] Here's a study for you. I've been taking NMN for 11 months. 1g daily along with 1g TMG twice per day. I just turned 65. My results are profound. Eyesight, taste, hearing, sense of touch, sense of smell. All improved. Memory, cognition, ability to multi-task. All improved. I have never in my life been able to focus like I can now. Learning is easy. reading comprehension, very good. For the past few years, when I felt the urge to urinate. I had to drop everything and go NOW. Around 4 months into taking NMN I noticed that was much reduced. In fact I don't have that strong urge any longer. My ability to do tasks that I had been doing for years such as typing, running the machinery in my shop.. all things that were classified as "muscle memory". They had all become more difficult. I had to think about doing them or I would not do them correctly. Too many times I pressed the wrong button on a machine, simply due to my "muscle memory" being screwed up. No longer. I can type without looking and rapidly. I don't have to think about which buttons to press on my machines.. just like I used to do. One small thing that may not seem important but.. I can now put my pants on without holding on to something, just like I used to do but had not been able to over the past 2 to 3 years. Can I attribute all those "improvements" to NMN? Nothing else in my life changed. Same diet, same routine, same bed, same job so.. yes I can. What else? My skin is softer, the age spots on my hands are gone, my energy level is flat out amazing. I lost about 20 pounds without even trying. I feel like my testosterone level is going up. How do I know that? I wake up with a woody every morning. Been a few years (longer actually) since I had that problem. Anyway. there it is. My study.

[141 likes] The good news here is that the health of mice improved at some point 😂

[127 likes] They ban anything that has benefits. Meanwhile the government allows McDonalds, Hohos, twinkies, insulin, alcohol, tobacco, Coca Cola, and refined sugars for all!

[123 likes] It's weird that just because someone is researching stuff as a "drug" it becomes illegal to take as a supplement. WTF.

[122 likes] Taking for 2 years nmn and trans resveratrol, metformen,  lots of vitamins that you recommend, your diet and intermittent fasting, read all labels on food , organic foods. starting back at gym may 1 now I that I have second shot Pfizer. Lost 55lb at healthy weight now, 64 years old lots of energy feel 100% better,  thanks Thomas for advice 2 years now

[118 likes] These companies should face a class action lawsuit. I’ve never taken nmn but feel for those who wasted their money on these criminals. Truly despicable.

[117 likes] Thanks for jumping on this so quickly, Brad. Very disconcerting that (a) the FDA would do this and (b) somehow Dr. Sinclair has influenced the decision. I'm perplexed about Sinclair -- I'm experiencing cognitive dissonance btwn his public persona and these issues re resveratrol and now NMN.

[115 likes] This is not your sharing your experience, this is you plugging a particular brand. Also Sinclair takes 1 g, not  250 mg.

[109 likes] I actually watched that David Sinclair video when he was on Rogan back in 2019.   I had gone through cancer treatments the year before (surgery and radiation) and felt crappy all the time for over a year.   I bought NMN and NAD complete from Renue by Science and started taking it in Dec 2019 as my only supplement after a multi vitamin.   I can say that it helped my energy levels, and general outlook on life greatly.    I was a special case, I reckon, but that was no placebo effect.   I still take both daily, along with many other supplements now.

[106 likes] I've been taking NMN for several years and have made no lifestyle changes but my results are amazing. Maybe these trials need to be more long term.

[105 likes] I was diagnosed with mild scarring of my lungs in April. I came across a Youtube vid of an experiment with mice using NMN, Sirtuins(Resveratrol) and Zinc. I started to take these NMN 1000mg, Resveratrol with Quercetin 1500mg and 30mg zinc every morning on an empty stomach. And with prayers. Yesterday, i had another CT scan on my lungs. The scarring has been resolved and disappeared! Praise the Lord!

[99 likes] This is weird because I have been taking NMN for 1 year, and my gray hair has diminished. My recovery at the gym is way better. My testeroon went up 200 points, and I feel sharper. How is this a placebo effect? Why are they trying to make NMN a prescription drug if it didn't work?????????.

[97 likes] My father has chronic arthritis. After a couple of weeks of taking NMN, his pain reduced dramatically. He no longer needs to raise his feet in bed, his knees don't give him any trouble and his fingers are now working again properly. He can't believe it. If you're considering trying these, I highly recommend it as I've watched my father struggle for years with his arthritis and it is wonderful to see him moving around with ease and smiling so much more. Thomas is right, besides less pain, my dad also said he felt much more energetic. So, since I have CFS, last week I started taking it and it's the only thing that has helped my CFS substantially. It's only been 12 days so I don't want to speak too soon, but I've done my first hike in 6 years and I've started to re-apply for jobs as if this continues then I know I'll be able to resume work. Hands down the best supplement I've taken.

[95 likes] Thomas, You mentioned this was your experience with taking NMN, but I didn't hear from you if it actually worked, how you felt, what did you notice? I'm happy to learn all about how it works, but what was your direct experience?

[95 likes] Was an avid Dr Sinclair follower until I discovered this channel. Thank you for standing up for truth

[93 likes] I just contacted Amazon, citing my specific order and telling them of this analysis.  I also provided a link to this video. Thanks Dr Brad.

[92 likes] Dr Dre told me I should supplement my eminem levels.

[90 likes] Thomas, Dr. Sinclair also made a point that NMN requires a fat to enable the absorption so he mixes his powder with a small amount of plain high fat yogurt he makes himself. In addition, the dose he takes is 1 gram of NMN and 1 gram of Resveratrol every day. I highly recommend Dr. Sinclair's new book "Lifespan" for anyone who wants to know more.

[89 likes] I'm 54 and taking NMN is a real game changer for me.

[88 likes] the study you mentioned about NR was of middle-aged, obese, insulin-resistant men. As you mentioned in the beginning of the video, lack of exercise might decrease NAD. And I believe obese middle-aged men constantly have their NAD levels dropping. So the fact that by the end of the study their NAD levels remained the same might actually be a good thing, the NR coud've offset the NAD levels they are losing by virtue of being obese. For animal studies, NR and NMN have both shown to increase NAD in muscles. In a study on mice, NR supplementation increased NAD+ levels in skeletal muscle. Another study on mice found that NR supplementation increased NAD+ levels in the quadriceps muscle. In a study on mice, NMN supplementation increased NAD+ levels in the blood and skeletal muscle. Another study on rats found that oral administration of NMN increased NAD+ levels in the blood and gastrocnemius muscle. Proper human studies are needed, ideally not obese humans.

[88 likes] Thanks for the heads up. I just placed a one-year supply order. I never want to be without this again.  I know that you didn't notice a difference,  but I have muscle dystonia, so I seem to "go through " far more ATP than most people,  and MNM has been a lifesaver for me. I don't get worn out halfway through the day anymore. It doesn't matter that it doesn't measurably raise NAD plus levels in muscle tissue. It seems to just make ENOUGH available when it's needed so I don't run out of steam like a little wind-down toy. And yes, resveratrol is trash.

[85 likes] excellent systematic overview. understanding what NOT to invest time/money on is just as important (if not more) as figuring out what does work

[84 likes] According to my understanding of a Health Act passed by Congress some years ago (can't remember the year), the FDA lacks legal authority to ban naturally occurring supplements. We had this battle years ago over things like vitamin C, and the FDA lost the battle when hundreds of thousands of Americans wrote their Congressmen protesting the FDA's authoritarian over-reach. I'm not sure what makes them think they can do this now, other than the overt rise in corruption over the past seven years.

[84 likes] The more I learn about Sinclair the more I distrust him

[84 likes] You are always genuinely looking out for out best interests, health, and our wallets. We appreciate you. Everyone please find some way to support this doc.

[80 likes] So basically this a commercial and you didnt really have any real results to share. Got it.

[80 likes] NMN worked for me.  After getting spondylolisthesis, from running marathons, I could no longer run due to pain (late 40's, in fact I couldn't even walk without pain).    It totally changed my life (didn't change anything else around diet, etc)...  Arthritis pain in my back is gone, better mental clarity, better energy, and no longer need epidurals every six months to function.  Moreover,  I can run again pain free and at the same pace 15 years ago at the same heart rate.  I recommended to friends and family members and they've had similar results.

[74 likes] I just started taking this and the results are fabulous! I hope they don’t ban it.

[74 likes] FDA needs to be stopped or banned 😊

[73 likes] Thanks for sharing this Brad! Is definitely shocking to see some of these results!

[71 likes] Dr. Stanfield - Here's an account of my personal experience when starting NMN supplementation.  I learned of NMN in 2019.  I was interested in its supposed DNA benefits.  At the time, I was in my late 40s and actively training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.  In Jiu Jitsu class, we always spent the last 30-45 minutes sparing, or "rolling" as we called it.  This was very intense physical activity, especially so given my age.  Each round was 5 minutes, with a 1 minute rest between rounds.  At my peek physically condition in those days, I was able to do two 5 minute rounds in a row (or on rare occasions three), and then I typically had to rest a full round before I'd have one more round in me.  After that I'd be done for the day.  When I started taking NMN, I found I was immediately able to do 5-6 rounds in a row.  At the time, I was unaware of the supposed cardiovascular benefits of NMN supplementation, so I'm disinclined to think it was simply placebo effect.  Adding on to that is the unlikelihood of placebo effect resulting in a sudden doubling exercise ability.  Is that an incorrect assumption? That said, if it wasn't the NMN, what could it have been besides placebo effect?  I wondered if maybe the NMN brand I was using contained an additive like caffeine, but I can't say for sure.  I don't think so because I know I'm very sensitive to stimulants as they greatly disrupt my sleep.  I've never had any sleep disruptions from taking NMN (or products labeled NMN).

[70 likes] I have mitochondrial myopathy. NAD boosters have been a game changer for me for the past few years.

[70 likes] Hi, Brad thanks for the review. I've looked up all of the 12 studies and 11 of them mention oral supplementation. Not liposomal capsules or sublingual powder. I think it is important to point it out, as we know that NMN is a fragile molecule that breaks down in our digestive system, so these findings are of very limited use.

[66 likes] Yi et al. (2022) 80 healthy middle-aged adults took 300mg, 600mg, or 900mg of NMN. All doses significantly increased blood NAD+ levels. The 600mg and 900mg groups showed improved walking distance (6-minute walk test) and better self-reported health scores compared to the placebo. Igarashi et al. (2022) Older adults (65+) took 250mg/day for 12 weeks. Results showed improved muscle function (specifically walking speed and grip strength) and better sleep quality compared to the placebo group. Yoshino et al. (2021) This study focused on postmenopausal women with prediabetes. Taking 250mg/day for 10 weeks increased muscle insulin sensitivity and insulin signaling, though it did not significantly lower overall blood sugar or blood pressure. Liao et al. (2021) In a trial with amateur runners, NMN combined with exercise enhanced aerobic capacity (VO2 max) more than exercise alone, suggesting it may help the body utilize oxygen more efficiently during physical stress.

[65 likes] What was your experience? What were the good results?

[64 likes] Investing in Cryptocurrency NOW should be in every wise individuals list in some months time you'll be ecstatic with the decision you made today 💯💯

[59 likes] David Sinclair is truly just a charlatan, resveratrol, NMN, Metformin, alle Hype not basics 💀

[59 likes] I have Muscular Dystrophy. No one has any answers. So, I took it upon myself. I started nMn in February. I've gone from wheelchair to walker, to walking on my own. I'm not a scientist, but I have tried every supplement available. NOTHING has shown the benefit that nMn has.

[56 likes] Anything to stop people taking good health into their own hands.

[53 likes] Legend has it, that to this very day, no one know s how his experience was with taking NMN...

[53 likes] It needs to be 1g NMN with 0.5g resveratrol. I've been doing this for ages now and it *does make a difference. I feel better in many ways; I can think and concentrate more easily, it's easier to keep fit and it's taken Years off my appearance. Also my hair is thicker.

[53 likes] NMN has been a huge boost to my mental health. It's not a placebo effect, since I didn't notice the benefits until I stopped taking for a few days. Taking NMN has made huge difference to how I feel. I feel amazing because of this, hopefully FDA will do the right thing.

[52 likes] • Follow-up video here: https://youtu.be/RdnGm2_odfA • Full FDA statement on NMN: https://www.regulations.gov/document/FDA-2022-S-0023-0051

[51 likes] I bought these when I first saw this video and didn't start them until waaay later... THEY WORKED. I had more energy for workouts, woke up easier, lost weight, gained strength. I've moved on to a liposomal all-in-one product that has nad+, NR, and NMN in it, and it's also been awesome. These things work! It's why they're being banned in the name of future BIG PHARMA PROFITS.

[51 likes] Actually a study just came out about how raising NAD+ levels reversed Alzheimers. You might want to hold onto that tombstone for a bit...

[51 likes] Brilliant, unbiased, fact based content 👌🏻

[51 likes] I started taking do not age NMN five weeks ago and honestly have felt more stamina and definitely feel “better “ in myself .

[50 likes] Buy it and stack up. The first time I took it, I immediately noticed the benefits. The very next day I felt pleasantly awake in the morning, and no matter what time I go to sleep I wake up the next day completely rested and with un-deny able energy. I am in my 50's and I am obsessed with looking and feeling young. This is a game changer. Buy it!

[46 likes] Absolutely brilliant! Thank you Dr. Brad!

[45 likes] Thank you, Dr.Stanfield. I’ve been very critical of some of your past observations/conclusions that seemed to simply parrot orthodox views. In this instance, I appreciate the time you’ve taken to critically review these studies. It brings to the top of mind — for me - that as well trained as I am in statistics & experimental methods, I still easily revert to unconsciously accepting statements by “experts,” and anecdotal reviews. Not doing so requires constant reminders we need to continually wake up to going on automatic pilot. In all areas of our lives. And to do that, we must CONSTANTLY expose even our most deeply held thoughts, judgments or conclusions to rigorous and fearless scrutiny and challenge. Again…and again. And one more thing: it reminds me that just because I don’t agree with some ideas from another person, doesn’t mean anything beyond that specific thing. It should not be concluded that I am “right” such that I cannot learn and grow from that person (or most anyone else). And also, maybe I’m not even right. The more we can find joy in this journey—of curiosity, discovery, including being wrong, and learning and growing, the better everything is. I value your time and work. Thank you. Finally, I love your way of thinking about, and the formulation of, your vitamin and mineral supplement. Respectfully, Jason B.

[44 likes] You will see the difference when you are doing heavy exercises intermittently, say once a week or intervals more than that. Muscle recovery is far more improved when taking NMN based on my experience. Before taking NMN, it takes me 2 to 3 days before my muscle sores go away. But after taking it, my muscles are no longer sore after a heavy workout even after being sedentary for a while.

[44 likes] It’s a “drug” because it works, which means they want their ~4M$ in FDA application fees.

[43 likes] Im glad you take your time to kill hype. That is even more important than spreading it.

[42 likes] I’ve been taking NR for four years.  I’m 80, and I feel great, but there’s no way to know if it’s because of the NR, since the science is still in it’s infancy.  I figured if it eventually pans out, I’ll be glad, and if it doesn’t I’ll have wasted some money, so I chose to risk the money.  So far I have seen precious little in the research about negative side effects.  We know it extends healthspan in mice, but there aren’t any mice on either side of my family.

[42 likes] This squares with my experience. I took 1g NMN for a year, and measured blood NAD levels before and after. I had a significant boost in blood NAD, which suggests my microbiome didn't munch all of it. I did feel great the first few weeks after starting, but that wore off, consistent with the placebo effect. I'm now repeating the experiment with NR.

[41 likes] I use NMN for recovery in endurance sports. I’m an iron man triathlete and train 13-19 hours a week and sublingual NMN makes a MASSIVE difference in performance and recovery feels like a 100% boost. Would not want to train without it. Anti aging is irrelevant to me and these studies looked at vo2 max and max strength. Again, irrelevant, the only drugs to boost these are anabolic steroids. NMN boosts RECOVERY AND RECOVERY IS MASSIVE IN SPORTS TRAINING…. Also muscle NAD is boosted with sublingual rout and IV not oral. Something the study didn’t look at… increased insulin sensitivity at the muscle may play a very important role in both recovery and endurance.

[40 likes] Years ago I started on NR then changed to nmn powder, the effects when you take don’t seem noticeable until you stop taking it, that’s when I notice a difference. I take nmn, tmg, creatine. I’m 52. My dad is 78 he’s been on it for years also, goes to the gym everyday, he wouldn’t change it for anything.

[39 likes] I started taking verso NMN & Resveratrol and I had a micronutrient test done before and after and there’s a significant improvement in my results. In terms of overall well-being, I made multiple changes in my journey so I can’t just attribute my improvement to this supplement.

[39 likes] Don’t give up on supplements. Diet and amino acids are a definite part of regimen that should be included in your anti aging. If you keep researching you will find many things that work and will never be banned !

[38 likes] We really need a man like you who tells us the truth.

[38 likes] Same… I kept switching things 🫠 based on new research… but my body still felt heavy, puffy and low energy daily. Nothing worked long term and I felt stuck for years. It made no sense. Then I saw people talking about Eat.Like.a.Woman.Protocol (Loren.Green). I gave it a try and wow—30 lbs down, flat stomach, no more constant bloat. It’s wild how different things feel now… feels like a secret honestly

[38 likes] Really unexpected finding in that last study 💪 Join Patreon for early access to my videos & Discord chat: https://www.patreon.com/bradstanfieldmd

[38 likes] Terrific chart. Thanks. Minefield: Without you (and testers like LabDoor), it is mostly guesswork to pick supplements. Of the brands listed, I recognized Jarrow, Toniiq, and DoubleWood as brands that I normally think of as "trustworthy". Nice to see those guesses confirmed by actual testing. More importantly, I now know about LabDoor, and that you trust them. Especially big thanks for that!

[37 likes] There should be a class action against amazon for allowing this to go on. I spent 30 minutes looking at the name and addresses for these NMN companies. I managed to trace one that looks to be a parking lot in an industrial zone next to a metal recycling company.

[37 likes] That must mean it works.

[36 likes] I was wondering when you’d talk about David Sinclair’s research. His book is incredible!

[36 likes] Sadly, in our modern world, telling the truth is often less profitable than selling snake oil. Thanks for staying the course in pursuit of the truth Dr. Stanfield.

[36 likes] I take it because I can't take Niacin and when looking at the options it was cheaper than NR.  There is a battle over which is better NR or NMN .. both are NAD boosters and I think people should take whatever NAD booster that work best for them including Niacin.    Taking mountains of these vitamins probably isn't really helpful its just a waste.  It has most definately helped with the things that B3 is known for though.

[35 likes] You should probably research taking TMG to support an increase in methylation cycle when supplementing with NMN, NR and/or high doses of Niacin. Could be very important and is often overlooked.

[35 likes] I have been taking NMN for years. Not counting. I will be 57 this year and I can do more pushups than when I arrived at bootcamp when I was 18 years old and in the greatest shape of my life. I don't know man, something is working.

[35 likes] I have taken many supplements throughout my life and I feel like NMN is one of the few that I can feel a difference when I take it. I feel like I can get another 15% of productivity out of my day. I know this is anecdotal, but I hear similar results from my friends. It works well for me so I’m going to continue to take it even though it is expensive.

[35 likes] This is huge in my view.  I’ve been questioning the value of NMN for months as I’ve been on it ( from DoNotAge) for 20 months.  I’m a 68 yr old male in good health and have experienced zero impacts from NMN in workout, energy, cognition, etc.  Many of the YouTube influencers rely on their personal workout experiences to validate the value of NMN and I’ve been increasingly suspect of these anecdotal, placebo prone reviews.  While I like what Berberine has done for my blood glucose and A1c levels , along with my lipid levels…I’m not planning to buy any more NMN from DNA or other reputable suppliers.  I’m also a big fan of Creatine but NMN seems like a waste of $ and I’m ending my use of it.

[34 likes] NMN mice are the most overworked rodents in scientific history. These poor little guys jog on treadmills, get force-fed miracle molecules, and suddenly every human with a credit card is like, “Yes. That’s me now.”

[34 likes] Nicotine patches are helping people with Long Covid.  It helped me.

[34 likes] I've been taking NR for several years. First week of taking it, I had heart palpitations. After the first week, everything settled and didn't notice much difference except slightly better endurance when exercising. After about a year however, looking back and comparing pre and post blood works. Wow, what a difference it has made. Lower cholesterol and much lower triglyceride. Started my mother on it, and again, after about a year, her blood sugar went from Type 2 diabetic levels to be within the normal range. Neither of us changed our lifestyle or diet when taking it. One set back though, NR did seem to agitate my liver quite a bit.

[34 likes] I would like to hear your thoughts on Astaxanthin 😊 I think there's quite a number of studies on it of various quality.

[33 likes] No matter the results of studies, people who are taking NMN and are seeing improvements in their health and wellbeing, will continue to take it.  The same goes for any supplement or diet.

[32 likes] I thought anti-aging lived in capsules 🫠 but my body was overloaded. Nothing worked until I fixed the basics. A friend recommended the Balanced Woman Playbook by Mira Wells and said it helped her feel youthful again from the inside. She wasn’t wrong—flat belly, calm digestion, better sleep, and 30 lbs down. Feels like real anti-aging that doesn’t get marketed.

[32 likes] NMN has been a game changer for me. Y’all can take what you want, I don’t really care. But If you are over 55 you may want to consider it. Don’t take my word for it, get your NAD levels tested before and after.

[31 likes] Studies can be manipulated depending on who funds them and their interests!

[31 likes] Anti-aging videos always pulled me in because I felt older than I was 😅 low energy, dull skin, brain fog, bloating after meals. I tried supplements like NMN hoping they’d fix it, but my body barely responded. It was disappointing. In a women’s healing forum, someone mentioned Balanced Woman Playbook by Mira Wells and how aging signs calm down when digestion detoxes. I tried it and slowly felt younger—clearer skin, steady energy, and 26 lbs gone. Didn’t expect food patterns to do that.

[31 likes] Excellent review! The evidence is overwhelming that the number one anti-aging pill is exercise. And the three types of exercise to focus on are cardio respiratory fitness, strength training, and mobility / stability training. Much thanks for taking the considerable time and attention required to produce this and all of your videos, Brad!

[31 likes] I've spent a lot of money on supplements like NMN over the past year, which unfortunately I probably should've spent on gym memberships and massages. I have a feeling the longevity supplements field will be the wild west for quite some time. Thanks for helping bring us back down to Earth.

[30 likes] Hi Thomas - please do a follow up video on your NMN experience and if you've tried taking any of the other forms of it other than capsules like the powders, gels etc. Appreciate all your knowledge and advice.

[30 likes] If they ban NMN, then switch to niacin. But only the type of niacin that gives you a flush. In other words, nicotinic acid. It raises NAD+ and it's dirt cheap.

[30 likes] I am on 2 months on NMN and Resavertrol and i must say it has helped me from devastated chronic low back pain above 10 on the pain scale! I am alot better now in running which i could not run anymore. I was bed ridden! I have nothing to lose, I will continue to take them.

[30 likes] The benefit of the NMN/NR/NAD+ supplement I take, over the NR supplement I’ve compared it to, is that I feel more energetic and have massively greater exercise endurance. For example, I’m ordinarily too tired to exercise at all, yet on the combined supplement (which I also take with re rest of Sinclair’s stack) I was able to stand and shovel heavy gravel of 8 hours straight the other day, with only a couple of brief breaks to eat and hydrate, and even afterwards, didn’t feel the need to sit down. And I see massive improvements in HRV. I’m similarly testing Niacin, which also shows improved HRV, but makes my skin burn and itch to the point of distraction, so I can only take it at night, missing the exercise benefit. It’s the microbiome that is the missing conversion pathway by the way. I take akkermansia, and eat a whole food vegan diet, which is critical in the conversion pathway. The microbes that convert NAD+ require exercise and fiber to propagate.

[30 likes] Thanks for this, Dr Brad!  I only wish I'd seen it before I blew $75 on NMN last week 😔.

[29 likes] I changed to niacin years ago.  I have photo damaged skin.  It reduces the amount of pre skin cancer by 50 percent and skin cancer by 25%.

[29 likes] Thank you for the explanation in the video. It is informative. For those who prefer chemical names rather than just abbreviations :- NMN = niacinamide ( aka nicotinamide ) mononucleotide is a vitamin B3 variant > small enough for transport into cell where it is converted into the bigger NAD+ = niacinamide ( aka nicotinamide ) adenine dinucleotide, which is the actively usable derivative involved in mitochondria within cells to generate energy (Adenosine Triphosphate ATP). Ageing  > decline in NAD+ > decline in cellular energy production > deficiency in repairs.

[29 likes] I found NMN useful in removing age related fatigue. I also found adding B3 to a carb loaded Creatine had the same effect which shouldn’t be a surprise as NMN is a combination of B3, sugar and Phosphate. It is definitely doing something for me and has been life changing in that I now have the energy to train and the gym after working all day.

[29 likes] The brand I've been using for 12 months is top of the list showing as ND. Obviously, I'm annoyed now knowing I've been likely ripped off. And not knowing what I've been taking is somewhat worrying too. I hope that this is taken to the relevant authorities and action, criminal if need be, is taken. Thanks, Doc for the heads up on this. We all need to be more vigilant and careful, there are scammers everywhere it seems

[29 likes] I took for over a year and I still have no clue if it makes any difference.

[28 likes] Thanks Brad, We are lucky to have you around.

[28 likes] Just started taking NMN and the energy and mood improvements is unreal. Especially after trying over 100+ supplements

[27 likes] I'm still taking MNM but data over the last few years, as you stated, is telling me it's a waste.  Wow and thanks.

[27 likes] I have been taking 1000mg and 30mg of Glutathione for 9 months. I had a fatty liver for 10 years, had an ultra sound last month and its gone. Its the only thing i changed.

[27 likes] I been taking NMN for the last 3 years and the first year I have a sustained boost in my energy level, especially as someone who works overnight. A year later I heard about TMG and take it on and off. I used to take a whole day to rest to recover from work and the first 1 month after NMN, I had energy to do all my errands. Placebo or not, I'm still going to take it. Placebos is not nothing as the sickcare system tries to portray. I like to see all sides but you do have a financial incentive to downplay NMN. So I'm skeptical of what you are saying and will be looking into who is financing these new studies too. I hope others will do the same.

[27 likes] Haha, at the end of the video, I got it. This doc was selling his TMG formula while keep saying no evidence of NAD+ precursors (if using alone, i.e., single-ingredient). Nowadays,  NR and NMN may bring you multi-ingredient formula with senolytics , etc. He should be re-educated and take a look at the work of the Global Health Span Extension Consortium.

[27 likes] I love your unbiased analysis on NMN and the research done. Thankyou!  I will say I take it with other supplements.  I don't care about living longer, I just want to feel better.  I am 63 and have had a number of heart attacks due to a fairly large hole in my heart which I have had since birth.  NMN helps me feel better.  However, after watching this presentation, I am considering trying niacinamide instead.  If I get the same results I will stick to it.

[26 likes] Saw Sinclair on a podcast recently where he revealed, along with his daily dose of NMN, he takes very high doses of vit B3 - now we know why, & that he too knows he's selling snake oil. Thanks for the update, Doc

[26 likes] Thank you for posting "negative" study results (null hypothesis validated). The positive results bias in research is depressing. Your focusing on what DOESN'T works leads us to know what actually could work. Please, please do more of these!

[26 likes] Post 2020 the biggest secret is nicotinic acid, aka flush niacin, for NAD+ production.  And it's way cheaper too.

[26 likes] Nice analysis. Would be cool to see you interview Bryan Johnson - Blueprint, or at least go over his protocol including his diet, exercise, sleep and supplements, or maybe a video on each category. Need more rational doctors giving a breakdown of it.

[26 likes] 💪 Join Patreon for early access to my videos, the '5-Years Younger' online course, & Discord chat: https://www.patreon.com/bradstanfieldmd

[26 likes] All [18] NMN human studies are linked in the video description 📜Roadmap - how to look young & feel strong: https://drstanfield.com/pages/roadmap

[25 likes] I had a mole like growth on my head that I was contemplating getting cut out by a skin doctor. It had been on my head for a few years.I had nmn in my cupboard and some reversatrol for 6 months. And thought I’d start using it. With no thought to the mole on my head at all. Within a month, the mole had disappeared to the point where there’s like a small indent pock mark, like akin to acne scar where the mole was. I fully believe in this product. And who knows what good it could be doing on the inside?

[25 likes] Watched this from beginning to end, but still waiting to hear YOUR experience. This never got past the background info about NMN.

[25 likes] Unbelievable! What a corrupt society we live in...

[25 likes] This is huge problem with supplements in general.

[25 likes] I appreciate this summary.  Would it be possible to eventually compare the seemingly empty promises of NMN to the new findings on glycine, NAC, Taurine and whatever amino acid/vitamin combination that shows promise?

[24 likes] If you're wondering why he never got into the details of his results....it's because this was more of a "commercial" for the Affiliate program with the link in the bio. Notice the keywords in the title and how he repeatedly said it in the beginning of the video. It helps him rank the video easier.

[24 likes] A study of 6 people is a waste of time.

[24 likes] I can tell you for certain through my own trails on myself NMN and nicotinamide riboside have both individually cured my senile purpura. By individually I mean I have used each separately. I  dealt with the bruises and bleeding and thin skin peeling for years and came across an article about nicotinamide improving thin skin and it worked beautifully. I have gone off it and within 90 days the symptoms recur. It has also removed most of my age spots people call liver spots. Just wanted to share that.

[24 likes] I’ve been taking 500mg Lipo NMN and 125mg Lipo trans-Resveratrol every morning (on an empty stomach) for about 6 days. I also take one NAD booster in the afternoon around 2pm which contains 125mg NMN, about 80mg NAD, and about 80mg NR. I must say my energy levels and mental clarity are greatly improved! I’m also amazed at how much better my mood has been. I’m not as irritable or depressed (I have chronic depression and GAD). Will definitely continue to take it!

[23 likes] I took nmn for a few years got my  nad checked and it was optimal so started taking niacin for a cheaper option for 6 months tested nad and levels were low so started taking nmn again.

[22 likes] it is interesting that doctors recommend mRNA vaccines that lacks enough clinical proof, but keeps telling people to stay away MNM.  That is the world we are having now.

[22 likes] My own experience with NR and NMN has been very positive. I've been taking it regularly for about 13 years. I usually take NR, but occasionally switch over the NMN. I'm 62. In those 13 years, I've only been sick 3 times. Two of the three lasted only a few hours. One was Covid, which I recovered from with three days, with no lasting effects. I also give it to my dog, who turned 17 in October. I'll keep taking it. I do take other things, but my husband only takes NR and he is also rarely sick, even though we've had sick people in our house. By the way, to all the snippy people, I'm just sharing my experience! I'm not paid by the manufacturers and I'm not presenting myself as a scientific case study. Just saying I've been happy with the way things are going. Geez, lighten up, people! lol

[22 likes] I must admit I'm quite relieved to learn NMN isn't all it's cracked up to be. The cost of supplementation collectively is not cheap and NMN in particular is quite an expensive option and for that reason alone I have not indulged, but rather focused more on supplements with well-established benefits.  However, admittedly I did suffer a certain level of FOMO with regard to NMN and so it's good to now know I've not really been missing out on anything after all.  Phew!  👌

[22 likes] I've been taking it for two years and see a big difference, in fact it solved an issue for me that Doctors couldn't. My parents in their 60s take it and both see an increased level of energy and memory capacity. I will continue to take it.

[22 likes] I'm a 74 yr old male athletic runner/cyclist/resistance exerciser. I began taking NMN and resveratrol a year ago. I did not feel a significant difference in my running performance in the first few months. But my running began to feel harder about the same time. I began feeling muscular skeletal pain of sorts. I could not firmly ascertain exactly what I was feeling but I definitely did not feel strong and vigorous during my runs. This condition was consistent. My times dropped off significantly. I wondered if it was just an age related condition. But, I wondered why that would be the reason as I am a WFPB vegan with an astute sense of proper nutrition. I did not feel the cause of my decline in running performance was age. I discovered this channel just the other day, July 30th. I decided to stop taking NMN and resveratrol, one gram each on that day. My 6 mile run on August 1st was significantly improved equal to my running performance prior to taking these supplements. I realize it is too early to know for sure if the supplements were the cause of diminished performance. I have an intuitive sense that the supplements are the cause. I will update periodically. I want to thank Dr. Stanfield for his diligence and activism in alerting people to the facts.

[21 likes] I have taken nmn for over a month and this is what I experienced 👇 after the 3rd week of nmn supplementation, I stopped having cravings for sweet as well as starchy food like rice (I am asian and used to eat a lot of rice almost on a daily basis) I also feel much fuller these days even after having a light meal (I used to be a big eater and was always hungry) after some reading, I discovered I may have suffered from INSULIN RESISTANCE for many years WITHOUT REALIZING it, and that is why I was always hungry and had cravings for sweet food nmn has somehow reversed or reduced my insulin resistance and I've lost some pounds of weight too I plan to continue taking it hope that helps ️

[21 likes] All 11 studies referenced in the video are linked in the video's description 🩺 Get your personalized health roadmap from Dr Brad: https://drstanfield.com/pages/roadmap

[21 likes] No, they are making it prescription only due to the donations from that company. In fact the CEO of that company spent time telling people to take NMN as a supplement while secretly setting up the FDA ban.

[21 likes] Sorry, I couldn't watch the entire video, but here is my experience, I am 37 have been taking NMN for last 2 years and I workout as much as a 20 years old guy in my gym I lost this stamina about 2 years ago and thought I couldn't compete with them ever again, I accepted that I was growing old not any more. But my twin brother who isn't on NMN is experiencing a lot of issues, forget about working out, he can't walk much he has to take a lot of rest in the bed and that is a very bad sign. But we can contribute it to our eating habits and lifestyle choices since we were 20. Coming to my Mom, she is 60+, she has always been a very active person, but since 2021 she was not able to do household works she would start cleaning and then would sit take rest and complete the work later on, she wouldn't be able to stay standing up to cook the food and was getting very frustrated, I was more frustrated that she was not taking rest and was yelling at people due to the fact that she can't work as much. Then came corona people started to die left, right, center in India, so many died in my own locality, I was not going to give NMN to my mother but was afraid that I would lose her. No clinical trials were done on humans that I was aware of, I gave her 500 mg A day and she was working as she used to, she never felt tired again. She started to sleep like a baby. She has been active like she was 20 years ago. She is outworking everyone except me in my family, so I don't know about these studies but this stuff works and if you are on it (now it is cheaper then before), continue taking it guys.

[21 likes] When I started taking NMN, I changed nothing else. I was already exercising daily and eating well. I saw a big improvement in energy and mental focus after starting NMN. I don’t think this is due to a placebo effect since I have been taking it for more than three months. There is something to NMN and I will continue to take it (1000 mg once a day in the morning). I am a woman without existing health problems (and not over weight). Don’t know if that makes any difference. Regarding the studies cited in this video, I am wondering if how one takes NMN and with what other complementary supplements affects its effectiveness. I take it in the morning on an empty stomach and follow it up with TMG.

[21 likes] I’m a nmn user. My life has improved since taking it. I also started fasting til 6pm when I started taking it. I believe in placebo over physical medicine anyway sooo yeah nmn is fantastic.

[21 likes] I’d like to hear about Sinclair’s statement on this. Along with NMN being sold on Amazon, so many faulty products on there. NMN over time turns into nicotinamide which is an unstable version of NMN and actually turns off sirtuins which can lead to accelerated aging…

[20 likes] The older you are the more NMN will have an effect. Honestly I don't think there are many benefits for under 40s for taking NMN at least benefits that are noticeable. For this video you should have  got someone over 50 or 60 to test it.

[20 likes] I have tried so many things to help with my energy. When I had children my energy levels dropped significantly and I have struggled with my weight. I work for a wellness pharmacy and we make NMN with astrogen so I gave it a try. I am sleeping much better, also am more alert as soon as I wake up. My focus has improved greatly. I haven’t been taking it for super long term to have a description of long term effect, but I can say out of everything I’ve tried both supplemental and prescribed, this has been helping me immensely!

[20 likes] All 8 studies referenced in the video are linked in the video's description NMN Human Studies Review Video: https://youtu.be/am2RHcPOaLA?si=exUdowKePDdgnT3T

[20 likes] So Dr Sinclair has founded a company to manufacture a proprietary variation of NMN and is now working to remove NMN from the market, so he can monopolies it with his proprietary version.

[19 likes] Maybe a good idea would have been to test your nad levels before and one month after supplementation of the nmn. There are testing kits now available for this

[19 likes] Took both of it separately for months and noticed… zero.

[19 likes] I am 48 and was having meniscus injury at my knee joint. I had been suffering pain for years , not even any medication can cure my problem. After taking NMN for 3 months, my pain gradually go away , and now i can start back my jogging from 1k intially to alomost 10k  training per session.  Hence, i really doubts of your findings here honestly.

[19 likes] I have been taking it for 3 or 4 months I can tell you I feel amazing when taking 1000 mg a day I can easily run up a mountain   Performance is excellent.   And I am 72 ….

[19 likes] Brad, I take all my NMN powder sublingually. I started out mixing it with water and administering it sublingually with a dropper, because it was so expensive. Even though the price has gone down I now take scoops of powder and put it under my tongue. I'd really like to see some studies done with sublingual delivery because, wow, if it's a placebo what a placebo.

[19 likes] I can personally highly recommend NMN from Renue by Science.  I’m 53, male, physically fit, and a cancer survivor (prostate surgery and radiation).  Last year I felt like I was 72 years old, from the radiation treatments.  8 months on NMN, and other supplements, and my stamina is all back to normal.

[19 likes] David Sinclair clearly pulling some sort of scam

[19 likes] Man I am so sick of the shady culture surrounding this industry.  Its all about the $$$ and not about peoples health and wellbeing.

[18 likes] dr Stanfield you have a shop too so why should we believe you when you have a financial interest too ?

[18 likes] I've gone back and forth on these supplements. I took NR for about a year and thought it offered benefits. Then I switched to NMN, but didn't see any added benefit, so I switched back to NR as it's cheaper. Then I stopped for around 18 months because of information like in this video, as it seemed like I was wasting my money. However, lately I've started on NR again, and I do feel much better. Anecdotal, I know. Maybe placebo effect, but if so it's a long-lasting effect ... and perhaps it doesn't matter if it works in some way for me. I also having been taking TMG through all of this experimentation. Given that I felt somewhat flat during the period I took TMG and not NR or NMN, it may be that TMG and NR are working together to offer a benefit.

[18 likes] I`ve recently noticed a proliferation of anti-NMN findings coming from various corners. Like it`s being orchestrated.

[18 likes] NMN benefit was never purported to be a muscle enhancer like Creatine so muscle results aren't that important. What is important is increased ATP, DNA repairing, and Metabolic support increases for older people. . . . .

[18 likes] This is concerning, but (at this time) NMN is still being sold. For example, all of the usual good and bad sellers on Amazon (U.S.) are still advertising it. There may be a closing window of time though for people who want to buy it.

[17 likes] NMN is a great gateway drug for healthy lifestyle due to it's visceral effect on energy and mood.

[17 likes] Thanks Brad, good video. I have to agree with your findings, I've been taking NMN (.5g-1g daily) consistently for the past 6 months and I've found no notable improvements in my health. I have always adhered to a very good diet and exercise regimen and am not very susceptible to any placebo effect. Thanks again.

[17 likes] One peculiar thing about this report is that it was run by Chromadex who manufactures Tru Niagen, an NR variant. Given the growing NMN popularity that overshadowed that of NR, it would be reasonable to assume it's in their interests to expose (or "expose"?) the competition.  @Brad any comments about that?

[17 likes] I’ve been taking NMN for about a year. I definitely have noticed more energy. I am a 50 year old female. I am a very slow occasional jogger but I was talked into a half marathon. I haven’t run over 3 miles in a year. I thought I would walk/run. I did walk/run but I set a personal record. The last half marathon I did was 12 years ago and this half marathon was 25 minutes faster. 🤷🏼‍♀️no soreness, no knee pain

[17 likes] Thanks for the content. I take NMN but don’t want to do so dogmatically, so hearing evidence-based criticism is appreciated.

[16 likes] I’ve been taking it for two years and it’s been a miracle supplement for me, even reversing my gray hair.

[16 likes] There are so many mixed reports on taking NMN and I'm inclined to think that if you don't get a noticeable result from it within a few days of starting, then you probably don't need it. My own experience is that NMN has totally changed my life from the second day I started it. I'm 59 BTW.

[16 likes] Someone should ban FDA.

[16 likes] Greed. They're doing the same thing with NAC! These people are criminals.

[16 likes] I love nad+... Energy levels through the roof. Love the stuff

[16 likes] I've been taking regular Niacin/B3 as a cheaper alternative, hoping for some of that alleged benefit. I suppose it doesn't hurt, at least? If I were to continue with it.

[16 likes] I've been taking it 3 years now.  Never had the euphoria experienced by others but then again I have eaten a well balanced whole plant diet for 22 years and weight lifted the entire time several times weekly.  I guess I will just bin my latest batch from donotage and wait for the rapamycin studies lol.

[16 likes] When you acknowledge the real reason why the FDA banned this supplement, you already know it has real benefits behind it.

[16 likes] Thanks Dr. Brad, especially for discussing the exercise study.   There is also work from  Prof. Janet Lord which shows major immune system benefits of exercise in older people (including thymus preservation, which might be a partial consequence of staying relatively lean).   Also work from Adam Antebi's lab showing that low insulin (in mice I think) raises plasma AKG and NMN, a lot.  Other studies showing major benefits to overall health from simply walking more.   I stopped NR (Basis) a couple of years and just make sure I get a reasonable amount of nicotinamide.   Also make sure to get plenty of quercetin, apigenin, and EGCG in my diet as they appear to help modulate the NAD+ salvage pathway to avoid depletion.

[16 likes] I tried NMN and I even still have like 20 grams of it but it gives me nothing compared to what I get from taking B3 Niacin (Nicotinic Acid), this gives me way more energy and good feel!

[16 likes] Glucosamine sulfate is effective, according to several meta analyses. Studies also including glucosamine hci fail to find an effect. Details matter. Combining collagen hydrolysate and glucosamine sulfate is probably a very good idea to prevent cartilage degeneration. One should also not confuse cartilage regeneration and joint pain, because joint pain can have different causes, such as muscular or connective disbalances, or inflammation at other parts of the joint aside of cartilage. Maybe damaged cartilage started the inflammation cycle, but then other tissues started to get inflamed as well and continue to be after cartilage issues have been resolved, and same goes for inflammation because of muscular and structural imbalances which could be caused by pain from cartilage damage in the first place but stay even if cartilage has been regenerated. So to resolve joint pain, just improving cartilage often is not enough and is not a reliable marker for if a supplement improves cartilage or not. Again, details matter. Tip for anyone with joint inflammation, try taurine, it really helped me. Still supporting my cartilage with collagen hydrolysate and glucosamine sulfate though. Also, glucosamine sulfate is so cheap, cost is not an issue as well.

[16 likes] David Sinclair appears to be a better business person than a scientist

[16 likes] wow thanks alot for doing this and going all the way to bottom with this

[15 likes] I’m beyond frustrated…I’ve been taking nad, nmn and nr for months because I have terrible exercise intolerance and feel depleted after workouts. This is good information so I guess I’ll take the $2 vitamin ❤

[15 likes] I am in my eighties and started taking NMN around 2 years ago. I can't comment on longevity, but the one consistent attribute I have noticed has been a significant increase in energy levels to the point where I have surplus energy, and this hasn't gone away.

[15 likes] Side question... why are your eyes always red?  Is it some medical condition or something else?

[15 likes] I hope they didn't ban NMN. It appears it says β-NMN is banned because that is a polymorph being studied as a pharmacological.

[15 likes] Cheers Dr Brad, this is exactly why I never jumped on the band wagon and will continue to do what I've been doing for a very long time which is great diet, exercise, etc

[15 likes] Dr. Brad, thank you so very much for informing us of all these new developments related to NMN. I am beginning to have doubts in the genuineness of Dr. Sinclair. I think we all need to dig much deeper into these issues and find out what is really going on with Dr. Sinclair.

[14 likes] It helped with my energy like the first week of taking it and helped with my sleep my skin started looking smoother about two months of taking it and I take reverstol with it

[14 likes] I will say from my own experience that taking verso has super charged me to the point where it compares with the energy levels I get from fasting sometimes dare I say possibly eclipsing it but not always I'm 27 and this stuff is fantastic!

[14 likes] it's so good! I already can see results after 2 months like stopped hair loss, glowing skin, mind clarity!  There so many sceptics but for me its working so I will keep taking it. I recommend NMN ANit Age and Dr Age best brands ( Australian)

[14 likes] Personally, NMN seems to do something, with or without TMG. I was in reasonable shape at 50, but struggling  a bit after years of a chronic illness (and surgery for it) as well as a couple of doses of covid.  Now my 50s are shaping up to be my best decade health, contentment and fitness wise.  It and other supplements seem to act as some kind of cheat code to later middle age.  I still have bad days etc - but it feels the ratio has been flipped. Obvs won't last forever, but I'll take it.

[14 likes] NMN definitely improved my energy levels

[14 likes] Whenever an expert praising a product is selling that same product, you’re looking at a commercial.

[14 likes] Isn't there is a conflict of interest for an Niacin supplier to provide information on a competing product?

[14 likes] This analysis is confusing and misses the point. Multiple controlled studies show that older adults who take NMN have statistically higher blood NAD levels than those who received a placebo.  All I'm trying to do is maintain my NAD levels at my youthful levels as I age. It's not that complicated. The only longevity study that matters to me is my lifespan.

[13 likes] What was your experience AGAIN? I thought I tuned out but listened again and it just wasn't there.

[13 likes] I vaguely remember looking into the subject of NR and finding the food source for NR having something to do with blueberries or maybe some way blueberries were used assist and to enhance its effectiveness... sort of like the specialized resveratrol was with the nmn supplement. I thought that I'd post this because in many of your posts you usually mention the food source for a lot of the supplements and trace minerals and amino acids and I think that knowing the source can be so much mote helpful because at the user end it makes decision making over whether or not to take it and what to expect alot easier when it comes down to considering alaergies, or profound effects that may be good or bad rather than going on an uninformed trial and error basis or wasting money cause you already get enough in your diet.. Also being informed as to weather or not if the supplement is some type of synthetic substitute or if its a natural derivative of a plant or animal... is   very helpful information.. and I find myself watching your posts more often to find out about a lot of this type info..

[13 likes] Hey Thomas, David Sinclair's dosage is 1000mg for both NMN and Reservatrol - these caspules are only 125mg each. This would mean one bottle would be about a one week supply. That's a pretty hefty price tag! Any thoughts on how to utilize his dosage with other cheaper brands. What should one look for in terms of quality? Thanks!

[13 likes] I'm in my 60's and fit. NMN had an instantaneous and profound effect;. Not only increased energy and mental clarity but also body suppleness and joint flexibility greatly improved , within one day ! I only take it in the morning because I was keeping me too awake in the evening.. Also I lost about 5 kg back to my youth weight and its stayed off. I am not able to put on weight , which is great at my age.

[13 likes] I hear you loud and clear, and I am very aware that the placebo-effect is real, but I just cannot disregard how it feels to supplement with NMN. All my numbers on the Rogue ECHO and the Conecept ERG get better and it feels like my "engine" has gotten an upgrade 🤷‍♂️

[13 likes] My experience with NR (Niagen) has been life changing. I am 61 and I started taking 300 mg in 2018 and felt the energy boost. I also had severe eczema on my hands that several dermatologists could NOT help even after 15 years of treatment. In 2020, I increased my Niagen to 600 mg daily and my eczema started to improve. In 2021, I went to 900 mg and the eczema was 100% GONE. Totally healed. That was almost 5 years ago. My energy is fantastic and I haven't had Covid or a cold in 8 years. I am a very happy user/customer and many of my family members now take it and like it. I am a believer in boosting NAD levels with NR.

[13 likes] Your honesty is brutal! I like it!!

[13 likes] Yeah, I bought into the NMN/NR hype 5-6 years ago in my early 60s and starting to face mortality. I spent so, so much money on those and other "miracle" supplements (e.g. Resveratrol) from Do Not Age and other reputable companies for a couple of years. But thankfully, I also altered my diet, cycling through paleo and Keto before ultimately settling on a  high-fiber (>70 g/day) Mediterranean diet. And even more crucially, I started exercising seriously. Now at 67, I do Norwegian 4x4 once per week, and 45 minutes of Zone 2/tempo training (~80% of max HR) on most days. I don't sleep properly unless I've worked up a sweat - ideally in the evening. And man, I feel so good. As good as I've ever felt, and my mind is sharp as a tack.. I also started taking Dr. Brad's Micro Vitamins. I think exercise and proper (high fiber) diet are by far the most important things one can do to promote health/longevity, but it's nice to know that I'm meeting my nutritional needs without increasing my liver enzymes or impair kidney function (as so many other supplements do to me).

[13 likes] How sad is it when i feel the need to applaud this man for unbiased content! Great stuff. Any plans to do an anti- aging theory of everything?

[13 likes] I've been taking NMN for almost 1 year. I am 57 and feel like 27. Studies are studies, my experience tells a different story!

[13 likes] I would take him more seriously if he didn't spend so much time bashing Sinclair. Also, isn't intracellular NAD levels the most important measure, not blood levels? Get that measured before and after. I experimented with just niacin and my NAD intracellular was 44. Then started taking 1g of nmn again and feel better. Need to redo my test now.

[13 likes] Very well done. You did a lot of research and went through many studies when making this video. Keep up the good work👍

[13 likes] Thank you so much for summarizing this issue so concisely. I always appreciate your supplement news. Personally, I don't take NMN or NR because the quantities found in supplements were too high and put my body in a demethylized state. On a separate note, have what are your thoughts on a supplement called Epicathechin? Does it live up to the hype? Thanks again!

[12 likes] The problem with nicotinic acid is that it is spiking levels transiently - so it is not only about the flushing effects (beneficial occasionally), it is about the more continuous levels you get with NMN or NR. With nicotinic acid, with big doses you just lose most of it as nicotinuric acid. Constant low dosing during the day would work but not feasible. In any case we need a functioning NAMPT enzyme and a healthy gut bacteria. Or we are stuck with niacinamide once the NAD+ is consumed. For all that we need anti-inflammatory gut flora and a colorful fiber-rich diet, exercising and cycling good AMPK levels, all of which help NAMPT recycle niacinamide back to NAD+, and NADH back to NAD+.

[12 likes] Testing has revealed that the majority of NMN supplements sold on Amazon are counterfeit or contain virtually no active ingredient. A 2021 study by ChromaDex testing 22 top-selling brands found that 64% contained less than 1% of the claimed NMN, while 14% contained zero NMN whatsoever.  Similarly, testing by ProHealth Longevity and Effepharm in 2020/2021 uncovered that more than half of the tested products had zero NMN, with some suppliers selling ordinary nicotinamide (vitamin B3) as NMN.

[12 likes] I’ve been taking NMN for years now and I get it through a manufacturing company so I buy it by the kilogram.  They can not ban a natural B3 supplement, and it would literally be a crime if they tried.

[12 likes] I haven’t changed my diet or taken a high dose. But what is making my hair color change? I would say 80% of the gray/white is now brown. Started to notice after almost 3 months of 500 mg per day powder

[12 likes] I notice you left out the dosage for most of the studies. The first study was for 250mg which is nothing. Most people take 1g to 1.5g and also take TMG. You're turning out to be a real disappointment...

[12 likes] The noticeable benefits I've experienced are in stamina and recovery. Those studies are not looking at recovery and little about stamina. I'm not a social media influencer. Nor do I follow any, so I'm not familiar with the hyperbole they're pushing. I've had good results in those two areas. I'm 56, I have been taking 1 gram of NMN sublingually for about five months, and I have experienced significant improvement in stamina during cardio activities, mostly running, and also in muscle recovery. The before and after difference is conspicuous. I am very in tune with my body. I exercise a lot for the majority of my adult life. In my twenties, I was a professional ballet dancer. I was hardcore 24/7. Now, I weight train and run regularly. Before taking NMN, I was constantly battling thigh and hamstring injuries (due to previous ballet injuries) which would lead to frequent periods in physical therapy. A hot spot on my thigh would always lead to PT, reduced or no activity, and a slow, monitored, methodical recovery, which happened regularly. That's how it was the five previous years. I was constantly in and out of PT. That's not the case any longer. Those hot spots that indicated or would lead to injury no longer do so. They last briefly and do not impede my running. Those acute hot spots no longer turn into injury and no longer linger. My increase in stamina enables me to run more miles, which would normally put me at greater risk of injury, but I haven't experienced an injury since starting NMN. The recovery from weight training workouts is not as easy to discern as many factors are involved, but I do push harder as I don't take as long of a recovery between workouts as I used to do because I assume that the recovery benefit I've experienced with running would be similar with weight training. The shorter periods in between workouts have not caused me any issues. I know my body well. My PTs know me well, and the difference is remarkable. These studies are not thorough. More research is needed.

[12 likes] I take NMN daily and I tell people that it’s not a magic bullet. It makes me feel like I have energy and want to exercise. I worked out most of my life and started to lose that motivation and high I get from exercise. NMN allowed me to have that high feeling from exercising. I enjoy exercising now. Before NMN I’ve tried dieting and other supplements while still forcing myself to work out. I think now I have no issues So I do agree with Brad that NMN doesn’t have direct benefits but I think it give you a boost in motivation. All my friends also say the same thing. They feel younger and want to work out more. We are all in our 40s and have always exercised before.

[12 likes] Amazon is also plagued by a common bait-and-switch tactic used by these sellers. Several times I've found quality skincare oils or supplements, stuck with the brand for a year or two, then suddenly the product changes to something inferior or completely ineffective. The customers who have used the product consistently notice and go away, but new customers don't know any different. They see only the good reviews that were left when the product was still genuine. These companies might break even for a year but then get to make a mint selling worthless products once good reviews have been garnered.

[12 likes] Would be great if you could organise some version of a viewer-funded testing of select supplements, Dr Stanfield. You'd know which lab(s) to contact to get quotes, and we can then chip in to cover the costs.

[12 likes] Dr. Stanfield, I am a chemist and worked in analytical chemistry most of my career. I know in the U.S., supplements are not regulated at all the way drugs are. And, just because a specific tablet tests for the label content of, in this case. 300 mg of NMN, there could be other adulterants in the tablet. Unless the independent lab ran HPLC / MassSpec on each sample, there is no way to know. I am one who favors regulation of the industry. To your closing points, I stick with a healthy diet, exercise, sleep, etc. I think a great contribution people like Dr. Davis Sinclair can make is to publicly stand up for regulation of this industry.

[12 likes] Thanks again. I do take NMN, periodically, but really haven't seen any, what I would call, noticeable difference.

[12 likes] The neurological benefits of raising NAD (such as with NR) will be what is important.  By the way, why did the sibling mice that were given NMN look so much younger than their sisters and brothers?  In my case, my mild psoriasis was cured, and I do not feel stiff in the mornings anymore, and I know people with lupus, and neuropathy who greatly benefit. A young person or mouse who eats well and exercises will not benefit from increasing NAD with supplements.  Their NAD levels would be high already, and cells would not seek an additional supplement.

[12 likes] Such great advice, Brad. And so sad/angering to watch the greed game being played by a respected scientist.

[11 likes] You didn’t actually say anything about your experience, though

[11 likes] I take NMN capsules, and TMG powder for almost 6 months. I feel great, of course with fresh extra virgin olive oil.

[11 likes] I see that NMN is a derivative of B3, which I'm already using. I also see that NMN is completely beyond my budget, even with your 20% off code. Q1: Is there a chance that the B3 provides any of the benefits of NMN? (obviously not to the same degree but...) Q2: Is there any chance the price might come down, or is longevity only for the well-off?

[11 likes] This is interesting as I saw an interview a few years ago with dr. Sinclair and the interviewer asked him directly - can't you do the same thing with Niacin?  To my astonishment Dr. Sinclair admitted - yes.  The challenge is that you get a flush with high levels of Niacin.   I did see a positive  mouse study and I extrapolated out the amount to a 180 pound person.  The amount they gave those mice, you would have to take 2-2.5 grams of NR a day to get the same amount injected in those little animals.   In my own experiment,  I had a small cist on my knuckle for years - and after a month of taking lipo nmn, the cist was gone and has never come back.  Was it the NMN?  I can't say with certainty other than there was a direct correlation as nothing else changed.

[11 likes] Thanks! That’s why I subscribed this channel couple years back

[11 likes] You are the "James Bond" of medicine. Love your investigation skills! Thank you for your passion and for sharing your knowledge with us.

[11 likes] It should also be said that nicotinamide and niacinamide are the same molecule. Same thing

[11 likes] I am 33 years old doctor i worked in the ER which can be very stressful, toxic, no sleep with 24 hrs duty. when i  started taking NMn, TMG and revesterol its change my life, my mood, my face glows, my work ethics, no brain fog, very quick in thinking, i can say it works, i dont take it every day, i take it 4x a week, i always skip a  day,

[11 likes] I've often wondered if 10g of creatine daily would help with the post-COVID brain fog issues.

[11 likes] 53 - tired and sleepy, take 500mg … Boom - 1 Hour later I‘m walking in the Woods for hours

[11 likes] I have no clue why NMN is being studied against any metric other than DNA methylation. The primary purpose of supplementing NMN is to improve ageing, which has to me measured over months and years, and anyone looking to measure it against any time window <  24 weeks, with low dosages, is just not studying it properly. OF COURSE it is going to have a negligible effect on strength, stamina, LDL, HDL, and all of these markers. The primary use of NMN is to make sure NMN is used as part of DNA repair. Second point, DNA  repair is upregulated during fasting. In my mind, only studies that supplement NMN during fasted periods (or calorie restricted periods) will be expected to succeed. Specifically, humans are over fed, and the mechanisms NMN is designed to help with up regulate during a calorie or energy deficit. Again, these studies seem to leave this CRITICAL design factor out. To create a metaphor, NMN is like a salve, that helps injured tissue heal during protected rest. I have no clue why this "DNA ointment" is being tested for its ability to make you run faster, or lift more. Its also tested in a context where the body is not in repair mode. So, these findings all are strange, because none of them measure what we are looking to measure. However, I do understand -- Imagine running an NMN trial for 6 months, with people who dose when fasting, and then taking regular DNA methylation tests. This would be an insanely expensive trail, and would have very low compliance. So I get that the researchers decided to go with easy  to measure proxy metrics. However, nobody should expect these proxy metrics to relate much to the underlying variable we care about in the short term: DNA damage.

[11 likes] What's even more surprising than these results is that this video has had 100,000 views, yet only has 26 likes!

[11 likes] This guy used to be a fan of NMN.  Later on, for some reason he is pissing off Dr. David Sinclair and his NMN.  It appears now he is getting personal with Dr Sinclair.  The bottom line is that this guy publishes his videos for money.  So don’t take it seriously on what he is saying.  I myself have taken 1g NMN powders everyday.  I feel very good with it!  I will continue taking NMN and watch this guy with a smile.😂

[11 likes] Wow and Yikes! You're at your finest when you help us like this. It was risky given the Chromdex, lab tests,. Have you submitted this to Amazon? Clearly Amazon is selling fake products!!!

[11 likes] I'm over 60 and have been taking niacin for many years. I take one 250mg tablet, break it in half and take one half in morning and other before bed. Very mild to no flushing at all if you take it every day.

[11 likes] Update for NMN users - As we mentioned earlier, we had been experiencing embarrassing gas from our Toniiq NMN & Resveratrol powder. We attempted various approaches such as adding yogurt or not, blending it into a smoothie, dissolve in olive oil, or taking it directly under the tongue, but the issue persisted until we reduced the amount significantly. We suspect that the problem arises from one component being oil-soluble while the other is water-soluble, yet they are combined in Toniiq's formulation. It seems to be a clever solution, but it may not work for everyone. To resolve the issue, we have been experimenting with Niacin (FLUSH) and Resveratrol individually. We open the capsule and place it under the tongue, resulting in no more gas and being much less expensive. We hope this information is helpful.

[11 likes] Thanks for the video. Could you tell us why you lowered your Niacin intake from 100mg to 50mg per day?

[11 likes] I once heard a discussion about eating real food vs. eating the stuff we produce today that "looks like food" but has a lot of things removed.  The statement was something along the line of, "we're eating something that LOOKS like a vegetable, but it's missing all these trace vitamins and minerals that exist for a million different reasons." The point was, we don't know why vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants all exist in the miniscule quantities they exist in nature... and there's probably a damn good set of reasons why they exist that way (which is a roundabout way of saying we evolved alongside nature and this is just "how it works"). So now days we offer these artificially created, "singled out" vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and various other supplements ... but they aren't alongside the trace vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants that they are found alongside in NATURE. What does that mean?  How many TRILLIONS of chemical reactions happen in our bodies as we process these vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants?  How many pathways are unlocked by a trace amount of this chemical or that molecule when we consume a veggie that has a key vitamin we don't seem to ABSORB and UTILIZE when we take a supplement instead? TRILLIONS of reactions across the TRILLIONS of microbes and cells in our bodies every day. Literally not even possible to measure these accurately with a quantum computer.  It's THAT COMPLICATED. And yet, it's so simply if we eat organic foods that are as close to nature as possible.  Trillions of reactions every day and nature already has it all figured out (with OBVIOUS exceptions, nothing is perfect 100% of the time). All we know for sure... it's a hell of a lot more perfect when we stay close to nature than when we mess with it and try to artificially replicate it!!

[11 likes] Thanks for the update Brad. What about NR supplements? Will they be affected by this decision?

[10 likes] When its "sponsored", that means someone is getting free stuff, and that alone ruins the credibility of the person promoting it.  :(

[10 likes] Well.... That saves me about $60 per month!

[10 likes] Oh mate, you're getting so good. perfect pacing, good understanding, very palatable information, and you're only saying what's really necessary. Getting to the point quickly, but not too quick. Love your videos.